From r  Mon Jul 23 13:40:54 2007
Return-Path: <anonymous@wpc4307.host7x24.com>
X-Sieve: CMU Sieve 2.3
Subject: From:Evangelist Lindy Mike(Widow).
From: "Evangelist Lindy Mike (Widow)." <evlindymike@myway.com>
Message-Id: <130746150.135@myway.com>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/html
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
X-Spam-Score: 7.385 (*******) ADVANCE_FEE_2 MILLION_USD URG_BIZ
X-Scanned-By: MIMEDefang 2.48 on 128.59.28.166
Status: RO



From:Evangelist Lindy Mike(Widow).

 

Calvary greetings in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, I am Evangelist

 Lindy Mike, The daughter of Late Sherrif Kindimbu from West Africa

 Nigeria.I am 34 years old,my mother is From England,while my father is

  from Nigeria,i am an half cast (White Girl) am married to Late John Mike from England, i am now a new christian convert,suffering from long time cancer problem. 

 

>From all indications, my condition is serious and according to my late

 husband doctor in Nigeria, it is quite obvious that i may not survive

 the sickness,as a christian,i beleived God and i know that i will not

 die,i will leave to declare the glory of God, My late Husband Mr.John

 Mike is From England,he and my only son was killed by his family

 members,because he does not agree with them, i am presently leaving

 alone.Our Lord Jesus Christ is my comforter.

 

Before the death of my husband,he told me on his sick bed that he

 deposited some money with the United Bank for Africa plc(UBA) in Nigeria,the sum of Fifteen Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars

 (Usd$15.5M).After disclosing this secret to me,he gave me the Documents he used in Depositing the fund called Certificate of Deposit,he never wanted to tell  me about it until the present moment that he was about to die,he told  me  that his reason for telling me about this fund secretly is because after his death that he knows his family will not allow me to inherit any  of his wealth or property.

 

He told me that Nigerian Government will not allow me to make this

 claim since i am a citizen of Nigeria,my husband told me that i can only

 get the fund claimed through the help of a foreigner like you,and that

 was exactly what happened,I made up my mind to travel abroad to leave

  the  rest of my life and continue to do the work of God as a missionary,I

 called my late husband lawyer to find out if the fund is still in

 contact in that bank, to enable me raise some money to continue my

  mission,to my greatest surprise it was still in tact in United Bank for Africa

 plc(UBA).

 

Presently,all the Documents concerning the FUND are with me, now that

  my sickness has gone to this stage,I am scared and I want the fund to

 be used for the work of God all over the world,i have prayed and told

 God to direct me to an honest christian who will receive this fund and 

 utilise it together with me and for things that will glorify the name

 of God,after my prayers,I decided to contact you alone my beloved in

  Christ. 

 

Please I will appreciate that you send the following information to

 enable my late Husband Lawyer commence with the procuring of the necessary

 document that will  back you up as next of kin to my late Husband for

 immediate arrangement with the UNITED BANK FOR AFRICA UBA Plc on how

 the Fund Fifteen Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars (Usd$15.5M)

 will  be claimed by you on my Late Husbands Behalf as his Next of Kin and

  New  Beneficiary.

 

1. your full name.

2. Your contact address.

3. Your telephone/fax numbers for prompt communication.

 

I await to here your urgent reply.

 

Thanks and God bless you.

 

Evangelist Lindy Mike(Widow).








