From r  Wed Jun 27 20:48:13 2007
Return-Path: <www@host.losdns.com>
X-Sieve: CMU Sieve 2.3
Date: Wed, 27 Jun 2007 20:48:11 -0400
Message-Id: <200706280048.l5S0mB5J023539@host.losdns.com>
To: R@M
Subject: I GOT YOUR CONTACT..
X-PHP-Script: espai-amalur.com/web/chat/web/Mailer.php for 141.76.45.35
From: COLLINS LYONS <collins_lyons73@yahoo.co.uk>
Reply-To: info_law73@yahoo.com.hk
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
Status: RO

Attn:Sir/maa,
 
Please note that i am making this business introduction based on my
 regard for your credibility and your company profile i went through
 online.Due to your long experience in business,i would want to go into
 partnership with you.Am the Director of Europe Operations for the
 NPA-STP(National Petroleum Agency of Sao tome&Princippe).To be  precise,i oversee
 Europe operations for the agency. 
 
My position in the agency entitles me to recommend oil allocation and
 actualise oil lifting and exploration allocation licences to candidates
 based on my interest.In 2003,I facilitated and actualised the license
 of Business man from Iraq.The license was for 5years at 24 MILLION
 BBLS/12 MONTHS.Due to reasons unknown to me,i havent heard from the man
 since 2005.I just recently heard from a reliable source that the man is
 late.He died due to the recent attacks in Iraq.
 
The license is valid till date as i always ensure that i keep to my
 side of the bargain.I have decided to begin using the license from this
 month.  
I seek your involvement as a partner due to your experience in
 business.I will package you as the allocation license beneficiary.Due to my
 position in the agency(NPA-STP),i cannot handle this project,thats why i
 need your assistance.With current events in Sao Tome&Principe,we shall
 be able to lift a mininmum of 1.5million Barrels per month.
 
This is what i propose: 
1.You provide me with your company name which shall be used in place of
 the initial license operator.

2.I will ensure that your company name is recognised as the license
 operator and that we have a lay can date for atleast 1 Million barrels per
 month.
3.I will ensure that all lifting procedures are in place and buyers
 readily available.

4.You stand in as the license operator for all lifting and sales
 transactions,we shall open an account for the receipt of the oil sales
 proceeds in which both of us shall be signatories to the account.

5.We shall split the oil sales proceeds in the ratio of 50:50 equity
 share. Equity will be at the end of every annual quarter.
 
I believe you are a man of wisdom and integrity.This offer i make is
 based on utmost good faith.I would be jeopardising my position in the
 agency,if word of this goes out.Therefore without mincing words,i rely on
 you for utmost confidentiality on every bit of details relating to
 thistransaction. 
 
Upon your positive response,i will be willing to forward to you,proof
 of my proposition.I look forward to a prospective business relationship
 between us.
 
Remain Blessed as i expect your reply.
 
Collins Lyons.
Director Europe Operations.
NPA-STP.








