From r  Thu Sep  6 19:51:29 2007
Return-Path: <fuerzasd@obelix.anonimoserver.com>
X-Sieve: CMU Sieve 2.3
	for R@M; Thu, 06 Sep 2007 18:51:18 -0500
To: R@M
Subject: CASTLE LAW CHAMBERS (urgent reply, can i trust you?)  
From: "BARR.JONATHAN WRIGHT" <wrightchember@gmail.com>
Reply-To: wrightchember@gmail.com
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
Message-Id: <E1ITR82-0005yE-6q@obelix.anonimoserver.com>
Date: Thu, 06 Sep 2007 18:51:18 -0500
X-AntiAbuse: This header was added to track abuse, please include it with any abuse report
X-AntiAbuse: Primary Hostname - obelix.anonimoserver.com
X-AntiAbuse: Original Domain - UM
X-AntiAbuse: Originator/Caller UID/GID - [32128 32129] / [47 12]
X-AntiAbuse: Sender Address Domain - obelix.anonimoserver.com
X-Source: 
X-Source-Args: 
X-Source-Dir: 
Status: O

CASTLE CHAMBERS
LEGAL SOLICITORS/PRIVATE LAWYERS
LONDON HA1 3LP
UNITED KINGDOM.
Direct Telephone; +44-703-189-3319
Direct Fax; +44-700-594-2286

 
 Good Day Dear,

My name is JONATHAN WRIGHT, Principal Partner in CASTLE Law Chambers,
 London,UK. I was formally a personal attorney to Mr. Mohammed Saibi who
 was the chairman of Algosaibi Diving and marine Services in Dhahran,
 Saudi Arabia. Mr. Saibi died late last year of heart attack at the ripe
 age of 79 years.

Mr. Mohammed Saibi a Saudi Arabia Philanthropist, before he died, made
 a Will in my law firm stating that $3.2M (Three million, Two Hundred
 Thousand U.S. dollars only) should be donated to any charity home of our
 choice overseas as his last contribution to humanity when it became
 obvious that he will not stay alive for too long. His only son, Rasheed
 Saibi and his entire family has no knowledge of this.

However, I am very much aware that he has left enough wealth that will
 last his generation a lifetime. The true situation at the moment is
 that the said amount of money was deposited with the BANK here in UK only
 to be paid out to a charity home.The charity home/organization would
 have to be picked by my law office. This implies that you will stand as
 the beneficiary to this Will so that the funds could be processed and
 transferred to your account if you are ready and in a position to assist
 me. You do not need to have a charity organization, all you need do is
 to declare your interest and show seriousness.

As a professional lawyer, I have mapped out strategies which I will use
 to obtain all the proper/legal documentations and last approval from
 Ministry of Finance concerning the funds which I will send the copies
 across to you for your perusal and record puppose before the bank will
 contact you.

I am particularly interested in securing this money from the Bank
 because they have issued a notice instructing us to produce the beneficiary
 of this Will as soon as possible, else the account would be made
 dormant since Mr. Saibi was ill for a long period of time before his
 demise.If you are interested in assisting me, I will give you 30% of the entire
 funds after paying taxes due to your government and expenses incurred
 during the course of this transaction. The balance will be mine
 although I intend to send some of it to a charity organization.

I urge you to contact me immediately for further details if you are
 satisfied with my proposition and feel you are in a position to assist me.
 Bearing in mind the confidential nature of this transaction.

For the trust I have on you, I believe that you have the ability to
 handle this transaction, I will Prefer you respond through this particular
 mail or call me on my direct phone indicated above.

Yours faithfully,
BARR.JONATHAN WRIGHT Esq.
FOR:CASTLE LAW CHAMBERS.







