From r  Thu Sep  6 15:45:01 2007
Return-Path: <nobody@server1090.gisol.com>
X-Sieve: CMU Sieve 2.3
	for R@M; Thu, 06 Sep 2007 15:41:26 -0400
To: R@M
Subject: HELLO 
From: Vincent Cheung <gladvince01@yahoo.co.uk>
Reply-To: mailcheung001@yahoo.com
MIME-Version: 1.0
X-Mailer: PHPBulkEmailer 1.1 http://www.nukedweb.com/
Content-Type: text/plain
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
Message-Id: <E1ITNEE-0006DC-OI@server1090.gisol.com>
Date: Thu, 06 Sep 2007 15:41:26 -0400
X-AntiAbuse: This header was added to track abuse, please include it with any abuse report
X-AntiAbuse: Primary Hostname - server1090.gisol.com
X-AntiAbuse: Original Domain - UM
X-AntiAbuse: Originator/Caller UID/GID - [99 32002] / [47 12]
X-AntiAbuse: Sender Address Domain - server1090.gisol.com
X-Source: 
X-Source-Args: /usr/local/apache/bin/httpd -DSSL 
X-Source-Dir: caribbean-style.com:/public_html/html/modules/Forums/admin
Status: RO

Vincent Cheung
Foreign Operations department
Hang Seng Bank
11/F Hang Seng Wanchai Building,
200 Hennessy Road, Wanchai


Hello,
 
I am Mr Vincent Cheung, of the Hang Seng Bank 
11/F Hang Seng Wanchai Building, 200 Hennessy Road, Wanchai .
An Iragi named Fadi Basem,a business man made a numbered fixed deposit 
of (346,736,899.68 HKD) for 18 calendar months, this is valued to 
Fourty Four million Five Hundred Thousand United State Dollars only in 
my 
branch. Upon maturity several notice was sent to him, even during the 
war, four years ago (2003). Again after the war another notification 
was sent and still no response came from him. We later found out that 
Fadi Basem and his family had been killed during the war in Gunfire 
that hit their home at Mukaradeeb where his personal oil well was.
 
After further investigation it was also discovered that Fadi Basem
did not declare any next of kin in his official papers including the 
paper work of his bank deposit. And he also confided in me the last 
time 
he was at my office that no one except me knew of his deposit in my 
bank. So, Fourty Four million Five Hundred Thousand United State 
Dollars is 
still lying in my bank and no one will ever come forward to claim it. 
What bothers me is that according to the laws of my country at the 
expiration five years six months the funds will revert to the ownership
 
of 
the Hong Kong Government if nobody applies to claim the funds.
 
My proposal, We are prepared to place you as the next of kin in a 
position to instruct HANG SENG BANK to release the deposit to you as 
the 
closest surviving relation. Upon receipt of the deposit, we am prepared
 
to 
share the money with you on to be agreed on percentages. That is: I
 will simply nominate you 
as 
the next of kin and have them release the deposit to you. I would have
 gone ahead to ask the funds be released
 to me, but that would have drawn a straight line in my involvement in 
claiming the deposit.I assure you that I could have the deposit 
released 
to you within the coming weeks. I will simply inform the bank of the
 final 
closing of the file relating to the late customer, I will then 
officially 
communicate with my Bank and instruct them to release the deposit to 
you. 
With these: all is done. I am aware of the consequences of this 
proposal.
 
I ask that if you find no interest in this project that you should 
discard this mail. I ask that you do not be vindictive and destructive.
 
If 
my offer is of no appeal to you,delete this message and forget I ever 
contacted you. Do not destroy my career because you do not approve of 
my 
proposal. You may not know this but people like myself who have made 
tidy sums out of comparable situations run the whole private banking 
sector. I am not a criminal and what I do, I do not find against good 
conscience, this may be hard for you to understand, but the dynamics of
 
my 
industry dictates that I make this move. Such opportunities only come 
ones way once in a lifetime. I cannot let this chance pass me by, for 
once I find myself in total control of my destiny. These chances wont 
pass 
me by. I ask that you do not destroy my chance, if you will not work 
with me let me know and let me move on with my life but do not destroy 
me. I am a family man and this is an opportunity to provide them with 
new 
opportunities. There is a reward for this project and it is a task well
 
worth undertaking. I have evaluated the risks and the only risk I have 
here is from you refusing to work with me and alerting my bank. I am 
the only one who knows of this situation, good fortune has blessed you 
with a name that has planted you into the center of relevance in my 
life. 
Lets
share the blessing.
 
If you give me positive signals, I will initiate this process towards a
 
conclusion. I wish to inform you that should you contact me via 
official channels; I will deny knowing you and about this project. I 
repeat, I 
do not want you contacting me through my official phone lines nor do I 
want you contacting me through my official email account. Contact me 
only through the numbers I will provide for you and also through the 
email account that i will provide therein in this email.
 
Further more be informed that the fact that you are a foreigner gives 
you the privilege to stand in as my deceased client beneficiary as my 
deceased client had no relation all his family died with him during the
 
war and I can not use my relations because its not accepted here in 
Hong Kong. Also I am very confident that we will be able to establish 
the 
trust that is needed to complete this deal and all that I need from the
 
time been is your willingness and commitment so that we can end this in
 
the next two weeks.
 
What you need to understand about this transaction is that I will make 
sure that it passes through all international banking laws regards to 
this I will give the transaction the proper documentation 
that is required to perfect the finishing. Your only obligation in this
 
transaction will be to set up the offshore accounts that can 
accommodate these funds and I will give you more light later once you 
agree to 
partner with me.
 
Like I said before there is no risk involve as it will pass through 
international banking laws and all documents related to this 
transaction 
will be sent to you by post for your perusal and trust.
 
I do not want any direct link between you and me. My official lines are
 
not secure lines as they are periodically monitored to assess our level
 
of customer care in line with our Total Quality Management Policy. 
Please observe this instruction religiously. Please, again, note I am a
 
family man, I have a wife and children. I send you this mail not 
without a 
measure of fear as to what the consequences, but I know within me that 
nothing ventured is nothing gained and that success and riches never 
come easy or on a platter of gold. This is the one truth I have learned
 
from my private banking clients. Do not betray my confidence. If we can
 
be of one accord, we should plan a meeting, soon. Should you be 
interested I will prefer you to reach me via email. 
Your earliest response to this letter will be appreciated.
I await your response.
Mr.Cheung
mailcheung001@yahoo.com




