From r  Thu Jun  7 23:40:06 2007
Return-Path: <brownofficeaa@virgilio.it>
X-Sieve: CMU Sieve 2.3
Date: Fri, 8 Jun 2007 04:22:00 +0100 (GMT+01:00)
From: Charles Brown <brownofficeaa@virgilio.it>
Reply-To: chambersoffice1a@universal.pt
Subject: I AWAIT YOUR RESPONSE
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain;charset="UTF-8"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Originating-IP: 196.47.91.6
Status: RO

THANKS IN ANTICIPATION, 

 

I am Barr. Charles Brown, A Canadian 
Attorney based in 
Manchester, United Kingdom and the personal attorney 
to Late Mr. Mark Michelle a citizen of France. Late Mr. Mark Michelle 
was a private oil consultant/ contractor with the Shell Petroleum 
Development Company in Saudi Arabia before his death, hereinafter shall 
be referred to as my client. 

 

Unfortunate, my client with his wife 
and three children lost 
their life in plane clash in 2003. My several 
attempts to locate any of his relatives as directed by his Bank became 
void. I  had make enquires with his country Embassy and non of his 
relatives have been traced. 

 

PROPOSITION: I decided to contact you 
purely on the personal conviction of trust and confidence that we can 
co-operate with each other and do a very lucrative business for our 
mutual benefits. I want you to give me the needed assistance by 
allowing me to present you as the next of kin to the deceased and the 
beneficiary to his estate. The deceased had a deposit valued presently 
at ($40,800,000.00) and his Bank has issued me a notice to provide his 
next of kin or beneficiary by will, otherwise the account would be 
confiscated. 

 

Already, i have marked out modalities for achieving 
my aim of appointing a next of kin as well as transfer the money out of 
this country, for us to share the money in the ratio of 53% for me and 
35% to you, The 2% of the fund will serve as reimbursement of expenses 
both local and international any of us will make in the course of this 
transaction. While we shall collectively donate the remaining balance 
of 10% to Charity homes Organizations. 

 

It is my intention to 
achieve this transfer in a legitimate way, all i required is your 
honest co-operation, confidentiality and trust to enable us see this 
transaction through. 
This is a very legal business that I am very sure 
of its success and is absolutely risk free. 

 

If this proposal is 
acceptable to you, kindly 
email following informations to me; 

1. 
Private telephone number and fax number. 

2. Your residential address.
 

Further details await you upon a positive response 
from you. I wait 
your reply. 

YOUR PROMPT RESPONSE IS HIGHLY APPRECIATED GOD BLESS YOU

Yours faithfully, 

Bar. Charles Brown







