From r  Fri May 25 04:52:08 2007
Return-Path: <kubafamily001@yahoo.com>
X-Sieve: CMU Sieve 2.3
Date: Fri, 25 May 2007 01:52:13 -0800
From: kubafamily001@yahoo.com
To: kubafamily001@yahoo.com
Subject: URGENT REPLY  NEEDED +27 839470181
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=US-ASCII
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7BIT
Message-Id: <20070525081419.4EF81C09A@krusty.si.UM>
Status: O

FROM: DAVID KUBA.
NO.10 ANDERSON STREET
JOHANNESBURG, SOUTH AFRICA
TEL: +27-83-9470181
FAX: +27-865173471
EMAIL: kubafamily001@yahoo.com
ATTENTION: DIRECTOR /CEO.


ATTENTION: DIRECTOR /CEO.


                           STRICTLY PRIVATE AND CONFIDENTIAL

You may be surprised to receive this letter from me since you don't know
me personally, the purpose of my introduction is that, I am MR.DAVID
KUBA,the first SON of MR.PEDRO KUBA,a farmer and leader movement for
Democratic change  (MDC)in Zimbabwe who was murdered in the land dispute
in Zimbabwe.

I was furnished with viable information from the International Trade
Centre here in Johannesburg and I decided to  write to you. Before the
death of my father, he had taken me to Johannesburg to deposit the sum of
US$40 M(FOURTY  MILLION  UNITED STATES DOLLARS),in a Security Company, as
if he fore saw the  looming danger in Zimbabwe.

This amount was meant for the purchase of new machines and chemicals  for
the farms and the establishment of the new farms in Swaziland. This land
problem  came when Zimbabwean President MR.ROBERT MUGABE introduced a new
Land Act which  wholly affected the rich white farmers and some few black
farmers.This resulted to the killing and mob action by Zimbabwean war
veterans and some lunatics in the society.
Infact, alot of people have been killed because of this land reformed Act
for which my father was one of the victims.

It is against this  background, that I and my family who are currently
staying in South Africa decided to transfer my father's  money to foreign
account since the law of South Africa prohibit a refugee (asylum seeker)
to open any bank account or to be involved in any financial transaction.
As the eldest SON of my father, I am saddled with the responsibility of
seeking a genuine foreign account where this money could be transferred
without the knowledge of my government who are bent on taking everything
we have got.

I am faced with the dilemma of investing this amount of money  in South Af
rica  for fear of going through the same experience  in future since both
countries have similar political history. Moreover,the South  African
Foreign Exchange policy  does  not allow such investment as an  asylum
seeker. As a business man,whom I have entrusted my future and of my family
in his hands,I must let  you know that this transaction is risk free. If 
you accept to assist me and my family. will aid us in transferring the
money into any account you will nominate overseas.

This money I intend to use for investment. I have two options for you,
firstly you can choose to have a certain percentage of the money for
nominating your account for this transaction. Or you can go into
partnership with me for the proper profitable investment of the money in
your country. Which ever the option you want, feel free to notify me as I 
have also mapped out 5% of this money for all kinds of expenses incurred
in the proccess of this transaction.

If you do not prefer a partnership I am willing to give you 20% of the
money while the remaining 75% will be for my investment in your country.
Contact me with the above telephone number while I implore you to maintain
the absolute secrecy required in this transaction. And no matter the level
of transaction we are, you must call me on phone first before sending a
reply.
Please, You should keep this transaction secret and confidential. And send
your fax and telephone numbers for easy communication.

N/B.I would like you to furnish me with the following:
1) YOUR PRIVATE PHONE AND FAX NUMBERS.
2) YOUR FULL NAME.
3) YOUR FULL ADDRESS.

THANKS FOR YOUR CO-OPERATION
DAVID KUBA (FOR THE FAMILY)




