From r  Thu May 17 11:57:17 2007
Return-Path: <rachaelonii2007@yahoo.de>
X-Sieve: CMU Sieve 2.3
Message-ID: <596265F1.B34F4E0@yahoo.de>
Date: Thu, 17 May 2007 12:37:04 -0300
From: "Rachael Oniga" <rachaelonii2007@yahoo.de>
User-Agent: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (Win95; I)
X-Accept-Language: en-us
MIME-Version: 1.0
To: "Rachael Oniga" <R@S>
Subject: LETTER FROM RACHAEL ONIGA (please reply back)
Content-Type: text/plain;
	charset="us-ascii"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Status: O

Dear Friend, 

I know that this mail will come to you as a
surprise,please accept the content in good faith. I
do not intend to cause any grief to you and your
family.The reason for sending this mail is very
fundamental because I and My Family are in serious problem 
and we need your help .My Name is Mrs Rachael oniga, daughter Of late Mr
Chico Oniga.

I am about to tell you something that I have not
discuss with anyone excluding my lawyer. My father was a big time
farmer in south Africa, he uses most of South Africa land for farming. The
Government in South Africa gave him those lands for farming and he will pay
back
when he have the money, it was like a loan they gave him the lands as loan
My
father was very successful In the farming business and he paid all the
Government
back. Some top officials In the Government were Jealous because of his
wealth. They wanted him to Join them carry out a dubious deal against
the Government but he refuse ,so they plan to kill him and claim all his
wealth he has suffered for, in South Africa. On his way home one day he was
coming from the office
and he was assassinated and he was rushed to the hospital by a good
Samaritan. But he did not
survive It .But before they killed him he saw It coming and transfer
most of his fund to a Security company In Holland. He died In the hospital
,But before he died he gave me the contact Information to the Security
company which the fund was located.

Those people were looking for me and my family and
we ran to Nigeria for safety because they know we know were my father
funds were hidden. I contacted the Security company
yesterday on how I could collect the funds with my lawyer assistance and
they told
me that I need a foreign beneficiary outside Africa because of Security
reasons. And I don’t have anyone outside Africa that will stand for me as a
beneficiary. 
They said the money was too big (TWENTY MILLION USDOLLARS)My father never 
told me the amount of the money I was so shock. They also said that the
funds has been deposited there for about four years 
now and it has accumulated demurrage which we must pay before the
consignment will be released.

My lawyer told me to look for a beneficiary. That Is my problem
now, My mother Is willing to give Seven Million USDOLLARS to the you
if you will help the family. Please If you can help me and my family In
anyway I will appreciate It a lot and in paying the demurrage fee. I will
like to hear
from you soon , please contact me through my private address I have given
you
below, write to this email address for me to get your message.

rachaeloni2007@yahoo.de


I will like to hear from you soon. God Bless you.
N.B Any amount of money the both of us spend In clearing the
consignment I will pay you In double after we have cleared the consignment.
Have a
nice day.

Thank you,
Mrs Rachael oniga




