From r  Mon Apr 23 20:42:29 2007
Return-Path: <nobody@theta.routhost.com>
X-Sieve: CMU Sieve 2.3
	for R@M; Mon, 23 Apr 2007 03:27:33 -0500
To: R@M
Subject: part-time receiver agent required
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1
From: tesano5@aol.com
X-Originating-IP: [127.0.0.1]
X-Originating-Email: [tesano5@aol.com]
X-Mailer: Anonymail
Message-Id: <E1HfttV-0001L6-7t@theta.routhost.com>
Date: Mon, 23 Apr 2007 03:27:33 -0500
X-AntiAbuse: This header was added to track abuse, please include it with any abuse report
X-AntiAbuse: Primary Hostname - theta.routhost.com
X-AntiAbuse: Original Domain - UM
X-AntiAbuse: Originator/Caller UID/GID - [99 99] / [47 12]
X-AntiAbuse: Sender Address Domain - theta.routhost.com
X-Source: 
X-Source-Args: 
X-Source-Dir: 
Status: RO


225 Legon Avenue, 
Accra, Ghana




Hello!

I am Steve Owen. I am the Managing Director of Textiles Spinning Works Ltd, a company based in Ghana Africa. Our company deals in African Prints, textile, and fabrics. 

We have operations located in one other West African country. We also have clients in parts of Europe, North America and Asia. We always ship products to our clients first and then they send payment afterwards. Online sale of our products and online payment is not possible either because paypal and credit cards processing, etc don't exist in this region as of now. Furthermore processing cheque and wire transfer payments form foreign countries takes too long a time here and this affects our cash inflow negatively. 

As an individual person, Would you like to act as our receiver agent in your country on a part-time basis. I assure you there is no stress involved here and you can earn extra cash on the side. As our agent all you have to do is receive payments on our behalf from our clients within your country and send cash to us. This method cuts the time we receive payment and saves us a lot of money. 

Please note; you are not paying for anything here and no one is asking you for any money nor banking information. We only require your honesty and reliability. Also you must be currently employed.

You shall receive payments (usually cheques) via secure mail. For rendering this valuable service you get to keep 10% of any payment you receive on our behalf. The rest of the money (90%), you shall send to us as cash following the payment instructions set by us. 

Whenever there is payment to be made by any client we can send your name as our agent. You will be notified when the payment arrives via mail so you will be available to receive it and await further instructions on sending our share of the money. Average payments is upto 8 thousand Canadian Dollars, could be more. If you are interested in this deal, Send me your full names, and private mobile phone number.

DO NOT "REPLY" TO THIS EMAIL, Send your response to this email address only: ( officemail@ccc.la )

Thank you for your time.

Regards,
Steve Owen
MD Textiles Spinning Works 




