From r  Fri Apr 13 11:22:37 2007
Return-Path: <apache@107030-web1.migration.siteclones.com>
X-Sieve: CMU Sieve 2.3
Subject: PAYMENT UPDATE
From: "firstabngplc@hotmail.com" <firstabngplc@hotmail.com>
X-WebmailUserIP: 41.204.224.10
X-Mailer: popper
Message-Id: <20070413144153.B4FBC3ACC1C@107030-web1.migration.siteclones.com>
Date: Fri, 13 Apr 2007 09:41:53 -0500 (CDT)
Status: RO

ATTN: 

The Presidency,Federal Government Officers 
on Finance,Senate committe on Finacial Matters, 
Central Bank of Nigeria and Diplomatic Corps 
met recently on the present fiscal-reformations. 
It is known that, many Foreigners have lost money 
to Nigeria through: Fraud, Unpaid-Contract or 
others. The Bank First Bank of Nigeria PLC has 
been authorised to attend to all these foreign and 
international matters. 

The Bank is contacting you because, your email is 
among the beneficiaries, submitted to us by the 
Ministries concerned. Only your e-mail address is 
the only contact information we could retrieve for 
now from the past records of Stake-Holders who have 
not been cleared of one Transcation or the other. 

The outcome of the summit has prompted the 
Federal Government to empower only our Bank;First 
Bank of Nigeria PLC to Identify the owners of some 
funds yet un-claimed and pay them outright with no 
delay.The Files and all Documents relating to 
Foreign-Affairs has been handed over to our Bank. 
Please, reply this mail, so that we can proceed 
forwarding all relevant evidencies of the Money 
to you. 

Be informed that the Federal Government have 
approved the release of  payments which  has been 
in this bank for many years unclaimed because my 
boss Mr. Jacobs Ajekigbe, collaboration with the 
Governor of Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) have 
refused to tell you the truth on how to claim your 
fund this is because he has been using the interest 
accumulated from your fund every year to enrich 
himself without your knowledge. 

I,John Aboh has been appointed by the Bank,s 
Management Authority to supervise this execise.We 
are now in operation finding the rightful owners 
of the funds that has accumulated in Nigeria for 
years.This execise covers all transactions ever 
had with Nigerians before or at present. 

My boss; Mr. Jacobs M. Ajekigbe, the Managing 
Director/CEO of this bank is now on compulsory 
leave and all power have been vested on me to 
make all international payments. 

I want to help you pull out this fund to your 
bank account using the easiest and the quickest 
method,which have not been made known to you 
before.By this method,you will open a 
domiciliary account with this bank 
(First Bank of Nigeria),your fund would be 
lodged into this dociliary account and your 
fund will be paid in directly to any bank of 
your choice. 

After the transfer, you will confirm the fund in 
your bank account within 5-hours same day. No 
Cost of Transfer (COT) and no stoppage from any 
Government departments as the transfer will be 
done within the bank alone and it is very safe. 

Confirm to me through this e-mail address: 
firstbngplca@hotmail.com your: 

Personal Information; 
Phone and Fax Number; 
Banking Information, 
where the money will be Trensfered into. 

Awaiting your quick response. 

Yours truly, 
JOHN O. ABOH 
FBN 





