From r  Thu Apr 12 22:57:02 2007
Return-Path: <apache@web-193168.goracer.de>
X-Sieve: CMU Sieve 2.3
Date: Fri, 13 Apr 2007 04:52:29 +0200
Message-Id: <200704130252.l3D2qTsM018355@web-193168.goracer.de>
To: R@M
Subject: HELP ME PLEASE FOR THE SAKE OF MY CHILDREN
From: Mrs Jewel Taylor <jeweltaylorfamily_info@yahoo.it>
Reply-To: jeweltaylorfamily_info@yahoo.it
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
Status: O

My Dear, 

With all sincerity and humility it is with deep pains i write you this
message of wishful assistance to my predicament. I am Mrs Jewel Taylor
the estranged wife to the former president of Liberia who was asked by
unanimous decision by the international community to step down from the
corridors of power .

I write you this mail under duress and as a result of my recent
decision to better the lives of i and my children. I have made a
decision which i know might not be good in the sight of man but the
present situation has led me to this decision to better the lives of my
children. Currently now i have decided to make do with the sum of $20m
(Twenty Million United States Dollars)belonging to my husband in which
i am a benefiaciary to, i have decided to relocate with your
assistance to your private account the said sum.

My decision was reached when i could not conceive the thought that
after the United States Government has promised to let my husband go
free based on the condition that he should step down Mr. Collin Powell
stated in a press briefing that he would be indicted by the court in
Netherlands to face charges on war crimes, this is what led to my
decision as God Knows that i was never in support of his involvement in
the indecent maltreating of innocent people in Politics.

This decision is hard for me to make but i just have to make it for the
sake of my children's future.

Currently the said sum was lodged in a safety deposit box in a
financial Institution which i will disclose to you as a matter of
commitment to me and this plea for assistance. I currently have the
deposit certificate and can draw up a change of beneficiary mandate to
effect you as the beneficiary to the funds. I am a trained economist by
profession and it is in this line that i will want you to take note
that your services for assisting me will be compensated to the best of
my ability.

I have this to look forward to so i would like you to keep this
project close to your heart just as myself pending when we reach the
conclusive end of this project. I will want you as a matter of
confidentiality to respond through this mail and also include your
telephone number as well so that i can give you a call if the need
arises as we are currently on political asylum now in west africa. Once 
i
get your confirmation that you can be of assistance i will bring you
into a clearer picture of the situation at hand.

View this site to see a picture of me:
http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/2963086.stm

I look forward to your response with great hope of assistance from your
good self.

I dont have access to phone call in the camp but you can reach my first 
son Chukky through this phone number+234803 060 3076.

I remain Yours Truly,
Mrs Jewel Taylor










