From r  Mon Apr  9 09:01:14 2007
Return-Path: <michaelhoward01@planare.it>
X-Sieve: CMU Sieve 2.3
Date: Mon, 9 Apr 2007 04:27:39 -0700
Message-ID: <45DD8CCF00086CDB@ims1.edisontel.com>
From: "Michael Howard" <michaelhoward01@planare.it>
Subject: YOUR BANK DRAFT IS READY
Reply-To: michaelhoward-117@myway.com
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="ISO-8859-15"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Status: RO

Compliment, 

How are you doing today, Hope you have not forgotten me? I am Dr.Mr Michael
Howard,the man from Nigeria who contacted you some time ago to assist me
secure the release of some money accrued from the over Invoicing of a contract/inheritance
that was awarded by my (Government) some time ago during the military regime.



Though you were not able to assist me conclude the transaction, I'm happy
to inform you about my success in getting those funds transfered under the
assistance and co-operation of a new partner from Brazil.Presently I'm in
Netherlands for investment projects with my own share of the total sum. 


meanwhile, i didn't forget your past efforts and attempts to assist me in
transferring those funds, I made sure you are not left out the benefit of
the transaction hence I kept aside for you the sum of five Hundred Thousand
United States Dollars.($500,000.00)Draft, the compensation also go for the
good work of God meaning for the orphans and disable in your country Please
take good care of them and the poor in needs also. 


I and my new partner agreed to compensate you with that amount for all your
past efforts and attempts to assist me in this matter. I appreciate your
efforts at that time very much,so feel free and get in touch with my secretary
Mr.Steven Chapman and instruct him on how to send the Bank draft to you.



Please do let me know immediately you receive the Draft so that we can share
the joy together after all the sufferings at that time. In the moment, I'm
very busy here because of the investment projects which me and my partner
are having at hands, finally,remember that i had left instruction to my secretary
so as soon as you contact him, he will send the Draft to you,so feel free
to get in touch with MY SECRETARY NOW. 

Below is the contact of my secretary: 

Mr.Steven Chapman. 
Phone: +234-802-580-7641 
E-mail:steven-chapman776@excite.com 
With Best Regards, 
Dr. Mr.Michael Howard



