From r  Tue Apr  3 03:47:02 2007
Return-Path: <cpanel@iota.sitelutions.com>
X-Sieve: CMU Sieve 2.3
Date: Tue, 03 Apr 2007 03:45:49 -0400
From: Mr Patrick Chan <chanpatrick5@yahoo.com.hk>
Reply-to: patrickchan202@yahoo.com.hk
To: undisclosed-recipients:;
Subject: CONTACT ME ASAP
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain;
	charset=ISO-8859-1;
	DelSp="Yes";
	format="flowed"
Content-Disposition: inline
Content-Transfer-Encoding: quoted-printable
User-Agent: Internet Messaging Program (IMP) H3 (4.1.3)
X-AntiAbuse: This header was added to track abuse, please include it with any abuse report
X-AntiAbuse: Primary Hostname - iota.sitelutions.com
X-AntiAbuse: Original Domain - UM
X-AntiAbuse: Originator/Caller UID/GID - [32001 32001] / [47 12]
X-AntiAbuse: Sender Address Domain - iota.sitelutions.com
X-Source: 
X-Source-Args: 
X-Source-Dir: 
Status: O



Good Day
I am Mr. Patrick Chan, Executive Director and Chief Financial
Officer of the Hang Seng Bank Ltd. I have a concealed business
suggestion for you.

Our client Gen. Samir Abi Rahman who was with the Iraqi forces
and also businessman made a fixed deposit for 18 calendar months,
with a value of Twenty Four million Five Hundred Thousand United
State Dollars only in my branch. Several maturities notices was
sent to him, even during the war which began in 2003. Again after
the war another notification was sent and still no response came
from him. We later found out that the General along with his wife
and only daughter had been killed during the war in a bomb blast
that hit their home.


After more inquiry it was also discovered that Gen. Samir Abi
Rahman did not declare any next of kin in his official papers
including the paper work of his bank deposit. And he also confided
in me the last time he was at my office that no one except me knew
of his deposit in my bank. So, Twenty Four million Five Hundred
Thousand United State Dollars is still lying in my bank and no
one will ever come forward to claim it. What bothers me most is
that according to the laws of my country at the expiration of 5
years the funds will revert to the ownership of the Hong Kong
Government if nobody applies to claim the funds. Against this
backdrop, my suggestion to you is that I will like you as a
foreigner to stand as the next of kin to Gen. Samir Abi Rahman
so that you will be able to receive his funds.

MODALITIES:

I want you to know that I have had everything planned out so
that we shall come out successful. I have an attorney that will
prepare the necessary document that will back you up as the next
of kin to Gen. Samir Abi Rahman. After you have been made the next
of kin, the attorney will also fill in for claims on your behalf and
secure the necessary approval and letter of probate in your favour
for the move of the funds to an account that will be provided by you.

There is no risk involved at all in this matter, as we are going
adopt a legalized method and the attorney will prepare all the
necessary
documents. Please endeavor to observe utmost discretion in all matters
concerning this issue.Once the funds have been transferred to your
nominated bank account we shall then share in the ratio of 60% for
me 40% for you.

Should you be interested send me the following:
1, Full names,
2, private phone number,
3, current residential address,

And I prefer you reach me on my private email address below:
(patrickchan202@yahoo.com.hk) and finally after I shall provide you
with more
details on this operation.

Your earliest response to this letter will be appreciated.

Kind Regards,
Mr. Patrick Chan.


