From r  Thu Aug 16 05:04:42 2007
Return-Path: <nobody@no10.dothost.co.kr>
X-Sieve: CMU Sieve 2.3
	for R@C; Thu, 16 Aug 2007 18:04:34 +0900
To: R@C
Subject: GOOD  NEWS
From: susan  john <susan_john203@yahoo.co.uk>
Reply-To: susan_john44@yahoo.co.uk
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
Message-Id: <E1ILbHN-0000cG-PC@no10.dothost.co.kr>
Date: Thu, 16 Aug 2007 18:04:33 +0900
X-AntiAbuse: This header was added to track abuse, please include it with any abuse report
X-AntiAbuse: Primary Hostname - no10.dothost.co.kr
X-AntiAbuse: Original Domain - cs.CU
X-AntiAbuse: Originator/Caller UID/GID - [99 99] / [47 12]
X-AntiAbuse: Sender Address Domain - no10.dothost.co.kr
X-Spam-Score: 2.61 (**) ADVANCE_FEE_2
X-Scanned-By: MIMEDefang 2.48 on 128.59.28.164
Status: RO

Dear, Beloved Friend,
 
I am Mrs. Susan John from London ; I am married to Mr. John Mike who
 worked with London embassy for Ten years before he died in the year 2004.
 We were married for eleven years without a child. He died after a
 brief illness that lasted for only four days. Before his death we were both
 born again Christian.
 
Since his death I decided not to remarry or get a child outside my
 matrimonial home which the Bible is against. When my late husband was alive
 he deposited the sum of $9.8Million (NINE Million Eight hundred
 thousand U.S.Dollars) with one Bank in London Presently, this money is still
 with the Bank. Recently, my Doctor told me that I would not last for
 the next Eight months due to cancer problem. The one that disturbs me
 most is my stroke sickness. Having known my condition I decided to keep
 this fund in the Bank
 
I want an organization or an individual that will use this fund for
 orphanages, widows, propagating the word of God and to endeavor that the
 house of God is maintained. The Bible made us to understand that blessed
 is the hand that grivet. I took this decision because I don't have any
 child that will inherit this money and my husband relatives are not
 Christians and I don't want my husband&#8217;s efforts to be used by
 unbelievers.
 
I don't want a situation where this money will be used in an ungodly
 way. This is why I am taking this decision. I am not afraid of death
 hence I know where I am going. I know that I am going to be in the bosom of
 the Lord. Exodus 14 VS 14 says that the lord will fight my case and I
 shall hold my peace. I don't need any telephone communication in this
 regard because of my health hence the presence of my husband's relatives
 around me always. I don't want them to know about this development.
 With God all things are possible.
 
As soon as I receive your reply I shall inform the Bank in London that
 you are the beneficiary of the said fund   in London . I will also
 issue you an authority letter that will prove you the present beneficiary
 of this fund. I want you and the organization to always pray for me
 because the lord is my shepherd. My happiness is that I lived a life of a
 worthy Christian.

Whoever that wants to serve the Lord must serve him in spirit and
 truth. Please always be prayerful all through your life. Any delay in your
 reply will give me room in sourcing another person for this same
 purpose. Please assure me that you will act accordingly as I stated herein. 
Hoping to receive your reply and Remain blessed in the Lord. 


Yours in Christ,
Mrs. Susan John
GREETINGS FROM MRS SUSAN JOHN