
From r  Thu Jul 12 11:06:19 2007
Return-Path: <mart_mazuri03@yahoo.ca>
X-Sieve: CMU Sieve 2.3
        Thu, 12 Jul 2007 05:38:00 -0500 (CDT)
Message-ID: <3093.41.243.139.37.1184236680.squirrel@74.53.225.178>
Date: Thu, 12 Jul 2007 05:38:00 -0500 (CDT)
Subject: FROM MR.MAZURI MARTINS
From: "Martins Mazuri" <mart_mazuri03@yahoo.ca>
Reply-To: martins_mazuri01@yahoo.com
User-Agent: SquirrelMail/1.4.9a
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain;charset=iso-8859-1
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
X-Priority: 3 (Normal)
Importance: Normal
X-AntiAbuse: This header was added to track abuse, please include it with any abuse report
X-AntiAbuse: Primary Hostname - gator293.hostgator.com
X-AntiAbuse: Original Domain - UM
X-AntiAbuse: Originator/Caller UID/GID - [32327 32329] / [47 12]
X-AntiAbuse: Sender Address Domain - yahoo.ca
X-Source: 
X-Source-Args: 
X-Source-Dir: 
Status: RO




FROM MR.MAZURI MARTINS
JOHANESSBURG,2001
REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA.
PHONE+27 73 130 8560






                                       STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL


Sir/Madam,

You may be surprised to receive this letter from me since you do not know
me personally. I am Mr. Mazuri Martins the first son of Mr.Philip Mazuri,
who was recently murdered in the land dispute in Zimbabwe .I got your
contact through the internet network online hence I decided to write you.

Before the death of my father, he travelled to Johannesburg to deposit the
sum of US$ 25.5Million (Twenty Five  Million Five  Hundred Thousand United
States Dollars) only, in one of the private security/finance companies, as
if he foresaw the looming danger in Zimbabwe.  This money was deposited in
the security / finance company as family valuables and consignment to
avoid much demurrage from the Security Company. This amount was meant for
the purchase of new machines/ farm machineries and chemicals for the farms
and establishment of a new farm   in Swaziland because he is the chairman
of the farmers association while Mum was the treasurer.

This land problem came ( and is still on )  when our President Mr. Robert 
Mugabe introduced a new Land Act reform which wholly affected the rich
white farmers  and some few black  farmers. This resulted to the killing
and mob action by the Zimbabwean war veterans and some lunatics in the
society hijacked the opportunity.  In fact, lot of people were killed
because of this land reformed Act for which my father was one of the
victims, the news about the crisis in Zimbabwe is every where both in the
CNN and BBC.

It is against this background that, I and my family  who are currently
staying in South Africa now decided to transfer my father’s money to a
foreign country since the law of South Africa prohibits refugees(political
asylum seekers)  to open any bank  account or to be involved in any
financial  transaction throughout the  territorial zones of South Africa. 
As the eldest son of my father, I am saddled with the responsibility of
seeking a genuine foreign partner with a good bank account where this
money could be transferred into without the knowledge of my government who
are bent on taking everything.

All I seek for is your seriousness, for I am entrusting my future and that
of my family into your hands .I must also let you know that this
transaction is 100%risk free.  If you accept to assist my family and me
all I want from you is for you to make arrangements and come to
Johannesburg – South Africa (if possible), so that you can help me   open
a non-resident account in your name which will aid us in   transferring
the money into any account you will nominate outside South Africa . This
money I intend to use for investment in a good business venture.

I have two options for you, firstly you can choose to have certain
percentage of the money for nominating your account for this transaction,
or you can go into partnership with me for the proper profitable business
investment of the money in your country. Whichever option you want, feel
free to notify me. I will also map out 5% of this money for all kinds of
expenses we
might incur in the process of this transaction. If you do not prefer a
partnership I am willing to give you 20% of the money while the remaining
75% will remain for me and my family. If you are really capable and
willing to assist me please contact me immediately with my alternative
e-mail address above for faster communication.

Finally, please give this matter the urgent attention it deserves as I am
in dire need to leave this country.
Kindly send me your private phone and fax number for easy communication.

Best regards,
Mr.Mazuri Martins
(For the Family)