From r  Wed Jul 11 07:38:49 2007
Return-Path: <arif@virtual8.webair.com>
X-Sieve: CMU Sieve 2.3
	(envelope-from arif@virtual8.webair.com)
	(envelope-from arif)
Date: Wed, 11 Jul 2007 07:38:30 -0400 (EDT)
Message-Id: <200707111138.l6BBcU5u064361@virtual8.webair.com>
To: R@M
Subject: PAYMENT UPDATE
From: JOHN ABOH <meetic@meetic.com>
Reply-To: jhnbabh@hotmail.com
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
Status: RO

ATTN:

The Presidency,Federal Government Officers
on Finance,Senate committee on Financial Matters,
Central Bank of Nigeria and Diplomatic Corps
met recently on the present fiscal-reformations.
It is known that, many Foreigners have lost money
to Nigeria through: Fraud, Unpaid-Contract or
others. The Bank First Bank of Nigeria PLC has
been authorized to attend to all these foreign and
international matters.

The Bank is contacting you because, your email is
among the beneficiaries, submitted to us by the
Ministries concerned. Only your e-mail address is
the only contact information we could retrieve for
now from the past records of Stake-Holders who have
not been cleared of one Transaction or the other.

The outcome of the summit has prompted the
Federal Government to empower only our Bank;First
Bank of Nigeria PLC to Identify the owners of some
funds yet un-claimed and pay them outright with no
delay.The Files and all Documents relating to
Foreign-Affairs has been handed over to our Bank.
Please, reply this mail, so that we can proceed
forwarding all relevant evidences of the Money
to you.

Be informed that the Federal Government have
approved the release of payments which has been
in this bank for many years unclaimed because my
boss Mr. Jacobs Ajekigbe, collaboration with the
Governor of Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) have
refused to tell you the truth on how to claim your
fund this is because he has been using the interest
accumulated from your fund every year to enrich
himself without your knowledge.

I,John Aboh has been appointed by the Bank,s
Management Authority to supervise this exercise.We
are now in operation finding the rightful owners
of the funds that has accumulated in Nigeria for
years.This exercise covers all transactions ever
had with Nigerians before or at present.

My boss; Mr. Jacobs M. Ajekigbe, the Managing
Director/CEO of this bank is now on compulsory
leave and all power have been vested on me to
make all international payments.

I want to help you pull out this fund to your
bank account using the easiest and the quickest
method,which have not been made known to you
before.By this method,you will open a
domiciliary account with this bank
(First Bank of Nigeria),your fund would be
lodged into this domiciliary account and your
fund will be paid in directly to any bank of
your choice.

After the transfer, you will confirm the fund in
your bank account within 5-hours same day. No
Cost of Transfer (COT) and no stoppage from any
Government departments as the transfer will be
done within the bank alone and it is very safe.

Confirm to me through this e-mail address:
jhndabh@hotmail.com your:

Personal Information;
Phone and Fax Number;
Banking Information,
where the money will be Transfered into.

Awaiting your quick response.

Yours truly,
JOHN O. ABOH
FBN
