


From r  Mon Jun  4 14:35:07 2007
Return-Path: <lmnandi02@pnetmail.co.za>
X-Sieve: CMU Sieve 2.3
Date: Mon, 04 Jun 2007 20:34:52 +0200
From: lmnandi02@pnetmail.co.za
To: lmnandi02@pnetmail.co.za
Subject: FROM, LAWSON (URGENT PROPOSAL).
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=US-ASCII
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7BIT
Message-Id: <20070604175620.19929C09D@krusty.si.UM>
Status: O

Dear Sir/Madam, 
compliments of the day. i got your email address from the south African on 
line network without wasting your time let me go straight to the point. 

In my department we discovered sum of $20million Us 
dollars(Twenty-million Us dollars) in an account that belongs to 
one of our foreign customers Late MR.THOMPSON MORRIS Age 61 an American who 
unfortunately lost his life in the plane crash of Alaska Airlines 
Flight261 which crashed on January- 31- 2000, including his wife and only 
daughter. Since we got information about his death,we have been expecting 
his next of kin or relatives to come over and claim his money because we 
cannot release it unless somebody applies for it as next of kin or relation 
to the deceased as indicated in our banking guidelines. 

Unfortunately I learned that his supposed next of kin being his only 
daughter died along with him in the plane crash leaving nobody with the 
knowledge of this fund behind for the claim.It is therefore upon this 
discovery that I and two other officials in this department now decided to 
make business with you and release the money to you as the next of kin 
or beneficiary of the funds for safety keeping and subsequent disbursement 
since nobody is coming for it and we don't want this money to go back into 
Government treasury asunclaimed bill. The banking law and guidelines here 
stipulates that such money remained after five years the money will be 
transferred into banking treasury as unclaimed funds. 

We agreed that 35% of this money will be for you as foreign partner, 
while the balance will be for my colleagues and I. I will visit your country 
for the disbursement according to the percentages indicated above once this 
money gets into your account. Please be honest to me. Note this transaction 
is confidential and risk free. As soon as you receive this email you should 
contact me through my e-mail address. 
Please note that all necessary arrangement for the smooth release of 
these funds to you as has been finalized. 

HOPE TO HEAR FROM YOU SOON. 
YOURS, 
LAWSON MNANDI. 
EMAIL:lawmnandi@yahoo.it