From r  Wed May  9 14:27:41 2007
Return-Path: <z_01medine@yahoo.ca>
X-Sieve: CMU Sieve 2.3
Date: Wed, 9 May 2007 20:26:59 +0200 (CEST)
From: Zachi Medina <z_01medine@yahoo.ca>
Reply-To: amedyz2001@yahoo.co.jp
Subject: Hello dear
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain;charset="UTF-8"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
xOriginalSenderIP: 212.100.250.225
To: undisclosed-recipients: ;
Status: RO

Hello dear

From, Miss ZACHI Medina
Abidjan Cote d'Ivoire 
West Africa.

Hello Dear Chosen one, 
Please excuse me for all the inconveniences my mail could cause you.I 
saw your profile and have the intrest on you . Please  even if we never 
knew before, I believe firmly that on the basis of the right of 
humanitarian assistance that a real confidence and love can arise from 
our communication and  also a real partnership between  us. 

I am Miss Medina ZACHI , the legitimate daughter of the Director of 
cocoa export here murdered by the rebelles here because of the 
political crisis going on here since four years ago. 

My father had deposited a consignment  with a  security company here  
containing the sum of  $9.000,000 USD (Nine million dollars USD) To 
allow him to conceive a project of investment at the end of his mandate 
here. 

Regrettably the fate decided on it otherwise. 

Today my major concern  is to move out  this sum outside here. Given 
that I am the only child and I have seriously suffered from the 
raggings and the harassments on behalf of the political opponents of my 
Father.

It is in this prospect that I contact you  to please help me  to move 
this heritage  from the security company to your country.

Because of the political war and the hostilities in this country  I 
seriously wish to leave from here and  live the rest of my life in a 
more peaceful and politically more stable and quiet country. It is  
what justifies  this demand. 

I shall voluntarily agree on a good and appropriate percentage of this 
money as your compensation for your assistant as for what precedes. 

I would like to count on your human, virtuous and professional 
qualities. 
I look forward to recive your urgent responds.
Thanks for your care .

Yours sincerely
Miss Medina
