From r  Mon Apr 23 20:43:56 2007
Return-Path: <mrjeffyukon@klik.it>
X-Sieve: CMU Sieve 2.3
Message-ID: <20070423200920.8h8ba7cow40kckk8@webmail.klik.it>
Date: Mon, 23 Apr 2007 20:09:20 +0200
From: Mr Jeff Yukon <mrjeffyukon@klik.it>
Reply-to: mr_j_yukon@yahoo.co.uk
To: undisclosed-recipients: ;
Subject: From: Mr Jeff Yukon
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="ISO-8859-1"
Content-Disposition: inline
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
User-Agent: Internet Messaging Program (IMP) 4.0-cvs
X-Originating-IP: 86.62.11.90
Status: RO



From: Mr Jeff Yukon.
Address: #8 Mitchley Road Tottenham London N17 9HG
Occupations: External Auditor
Hello,

Very Urgent And Confidential

Do accept my sincere apologies if my mail does not meet your personal ethics
although, I wish to use this medium to get in touch with you first because it's
fastest means. I am an extenal auditor of a well known Bank here in the United
Kingdom.

In one of our periodic auditing I discorved a dormant accounts with holding
balance of 52,000,000 (Fifty Two Million British Pounds) which has not been
operated for the past three years. From my investigations and confirmations, the
owner of this account, a foreigner by name Mr.Gregory .B.Wilson died in plane
crash in July 19,2003 and since then nobody has done anything as regards the
claiming of this money because he has no family members who are aware of the
existence of neither the account nor the funds.

I have secretly discussed this matter with a top senior minister official of
the federal ministry of finance here and we have agreed to find a reliable
foreign partner to deal with us, although due to his possition he did not want
to take active part but as soon as you follow my instructions everything will be
successfull because we will be working hand in hand with him.

We thus propose to do business with you,standing in as the next of kin of these
funds from the deceased and after due legel processes have been followed the
fund will be released to your account without delay and we will use it for
investment and to assist the less privelaged in the society because if we left
the fund with the government it will be fortified for nothing and will be used
to suppress the poor masses in the society.

This transaction is totally free of risk and troubles as the fund is legitimate
and does not originate from drug, money laundry, terrorism or any other illegal
act.

So you should provide me with your correct account detail where you will like
the fund to be transferred even an empty account is ok. At the conclussion of
the transfer you will take 35%,5% will be for any expenses both parties incurred
in the process of this business and the remaining 60% will be for me. As soon
as I hear from you and upon your strong assurance that you will not let me down
once the fund goes into your account I will then start the processing of the
transfer of the fund to your account without further delay.

You should send the a/c information as stated below.......together with your
telephone nos. both Home, Office & Cell phone for easier & faster 
communication.

Bank Name...........
Bank Address.........
A/C Name..............
A/C Number...............
Swift Code..................
Your Telephone................
Routing Number..................
State & Country................

I look forward to hear from you as soon as possible if you are interested.

Yours,

Mr Jeff Yukon.