From r  Fri Apr 20 20:20:47 2007
Return-Path: <m_socorro25@yahoo.com>
X-Sieve: CMU Sieve 2.3
	id 1Hf3Pe-0000lj-Ll; Sat, 21 Apr 2007 01:25:15 +0100
        Sat, 21 Apr 2007 01:25:14 +0100 (BST)
Message-ID: <60804.81.199.173.244.1177115114.squirrel@gookaa.com>
Date: Sat, 21 Apr 2007 01:25:14 +0100 (BST)
Subject: WRITE ME!!!
From: "Maria Socorro" <m_socorro25@yahoo.com>
Reply-To: mrs_socorro27@hotmail.com
User-Agent: SquirrelMail/1.4.7
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain;charset=iso-8859-1
X-Priority: 3 (Normal)
Importance: Normal
To: undisclosed-recipients: ;
Content-Transfer-Encoding: quoted-printable
Status: RO

MRS MARIA SOCORRO
CREDIT ACCOUNTS OFFICER
HEAD OFFICE EQUITABLE PCI BANK TWR.
MKT AVENUE.COR.H.V DELA COSTA STR
PHILIPPPINES .
Good Day,
Let me start by introducing myself,I am MRS MRS MARIA SOCORRO,CREDIT
ACCOUNTS OFFICER EQUITABLE PCI BANK.
I am writing you this letter based on the latest development at my bank,
which I will like to bring to your personal edification. I am writing you
this letter with so much joy and excitement even though my heart goes out
to the very powerful and distinguished gentleman who I was fortunate to
have worked for and extremely privileged to have known for numerous years=
..
I am a top official in charge of client accounts in EQUITABLE PCI BANK
inside the philippines.

In 2001, my client was going through a horrendous divorce in the United
States Of America and was on the verge of losing most of his estate to hi=
s
vicious and diabolical wife. As a result of this alarming predicament, my
client came to me with a very brilliant idea. He transferred some funds,
ten million two hundred thousand dollars(usd10.2m) to a fixed deposit
account in my bank under an alias which only the two of us knew about as
the confidentiality of the matter was necessary for his protection. Due t=
o
his untimely death in early 2002, the funds have been sitting in the
account ever since and will continue to do so perpetually unless we do
something about it. This is where you come in.I located you through an
agency that helps seek people by their email.my client did not declare an=
y
next of kin in his official papers including the paper work of his bank
deposit.Against this backdrop, my suggestion to you is that I would like
you as a foreigner to stand as the next of kin to our client so that you
will be able to receive his funds.

I want you to know that I have had everything planned out so that we can
come out successful. I have contacted an attorney that will prepare the
necessary document that will back you up as the next of kin to my
client.All that is required from you at this stage is for you to provide
me with your Full Names and Address so that the attorney can commence his
job.After you have been made the next of kin, the attorney will also file
in for claims on your behalf and secure the necessary approval and letter
of probate in your favor for the move of the funds to an account that wil=
l
be provided by you.There is no risk involved at all in the matter as we
are going adopt a legalized method and the attorney will prepare all the
necessary documents.The allocation of our money will be as follows:
20%(US$2.02M) to you for your part in this, 75% for me and my partners an=
d
5% for any unforeseeable expenses we may incur. I think this is extremely
fair, as you have nothing to lose but just a little time, while on the
other hand I am staking my flawless reputation among other things. And
besides $2.02 million is no pocket change. Once you are approved, the
entire transaction should take no longer than twelve business days after
which we will go about our daily business, but just millions of dollars
richer.

As you can see this is easier than taking candy from a baby but mind you,
trust is something that is developed over time and that is something that
we do not have. So I have to let you know that it will highly unfeasible
to try to run away with the money because even though only you can
transfer money in and out of your account, the transfer can only be
authorized by my department of which i happen to be thehead.The money wil=
l
be transfered from my bank to an account you will provide. So please,
there should be no room for greed because ten million two hundred thousan=
d
dollars can quench even the most insatiable desire for the almighty
dollar. Again, i will be in charge of everything else. I will assume all
responsibilities for this endeavor so you don=92t have to worry about any
legal ramifications, just what you will do with all that money.
If interested,I would want you to send your reply to my private mail box:
(m_socorro27@excite.com)
Your urgent response is highly anticipated so please email me for more
details on this transaction as soon as possible.
This should be kept very secret and confidential=85 I believe you know.
kind Regards
Mrs. MRS MARIA SOCORRO esq
(m_socorro27@excite.com)