
From r  Fri Apr 13 10:57:20 2007
Return-Path: <alimatou_ouedraogo16@hotmail.fr>
X-Sieve: CMU Sieve 2.3
	 Fri, 13 Apr 2007 07:57:11 -0700
Message-ID: <BAY101-F35DCE8892861F08F2A313A8B5D0@phx.gbl>
X-Originating-Email: [alimatou_ouedraogo16@hotmail.fr]
X-Sender: alimatou_ouedraogo16@hotmail.fr
From: "alimatou ouedraogo" <alimatou_ouedraogo16@hotmail.fr>
Subject: From Mrs. Alimatou Ouedraogo(Urgent assistance needed)
Date: Fri, 13 Apr 2007 16:57:10 +0200
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed
X-OriginalArrivalTime: 13 Apr 2007 14:57:11.0400 (UTC) FILETIME=[03D64680:01C77DDC]
To: undisclosed-recipients: ;
Status: O

From: Mrs. Alimatou Ouedraogo
African Development Bank
Burkina Faso (ADB-ANNEX)
Ouagadougou-Burkina Faso.

Dear friend,

It will be a surprise for you to receive this mail, Welcome this letter. I 
am Mrs. Alimatou Ouedraogo ,the Director Of The Accounts & Auditing Dept. At 
The African Development Bank Ouagadougou-West Africa. With due respect I 
Have Decided to contact you on a business transaction that will be 
Beneficial to
Both of us. At The Bank's Last Accounts/Auditing Evaluations, my staffs Came 
Across an old account which was being maintained by a foreign client Who we 
Learnt was among the deceased passengers of an Airline Crash On 6th Nov. 
2002.

Since the deceased was unable to run this account since his Death. the 
Account has remained doormat without the knowledge of his family since It 
Was put in a safe deposit account in the bank for future investment by The 
Client. Since his demise, nobody, not even the members of his family have 
Applied for claims over this fund and it has been in the safe deposit 
Account until we discovered that it cannot be claimed since our client Is a 
Foreign national and we are sure that he has no next of kin here to File
Claims over the money. as the director of the dept, this discovery was 
Brought To my office so as to decide what is to be done. with the few 
personnel  In my Dept, we decided to seek ways through which to transfer 
this money out Of the  Bank and out of the country too.

The total amount in the accounts is one million dollars(us$1.000.000)with 
our positions as staffs of the bank, we are Handicapped because we cannot 
operate foreign accounts and cannot lay Bonafide claim over this money. 
while we were contemplating on what to Do, a Friend of mine who works with 
the chamber of commerce and industry Recommended your personality to me and 
advised I should ask you for Help to Transfer this money out of the country. 
the client is a foreign national And You will only be asked to act as his 
next of kin and I will supply you With All the necessary information’s and 
bank data to assist you in being Able to Transfer this money to any bank of 
your choice where this money could
Be Transferred into.

I and my partners have decided to give away forty %(40%)to you for Your 
Assistance and ten (10%) for any expenses that might arise during the 
Transaction of this transfer. we want to assure you that this
Transaction is Absolutely risk free since we work in this bank which is why 
you should Be Confident in the success of this transaction because you will 
be Updated With information as at when desired. We will please wish you keep 
this transaction secret as we are hoping To Retire with our share of this 
money at the end of transaction which Will be When this money is safely in 
your account. We will then come over to
Your Country for sharing according to the previously agreed percentages.

You might even have to advise us on possibilities of investment in your 
Country or elsewhere of our choice. may Allah help you to help us to a 
Restive retirement. Amen. Please for further information’s and enquiries 
feel free to contact me Through my email 
address,(alimatou_0_ouedraogo@hotmail.fr)
Am awaiting for your urgent response!!!
Thanks and remain blessed.
Mrs. Alimatou Ouedraogo
