
From r  Sat Mar 31 05:49:16 2007
Return-Path: <karemahmed-14@hotmail.fr>
X-Sieve: CMU Sieve 2.3
	 Sat, 31 Mar 2007 03:48:55 -0700
Message-ID: <BAY108-F37A65DD5BB1E1E6A6A79A487620@phx.gbl>
X-Originating-Email: [karemahmed-14@hotmail.fr]
X-Sender: karemahmed-14@hotmail.fr
Reply-To: karemahmed01@myway.com
From: "karem ahmed" <karemahmed-14@hotmail.fr>
Subject: PLEASE VERY URGENT.
Date: Sat, 31 Mar 2007 12:48:51 +0200
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1; format=flowed
X-OriginalArrivalTime: 31 Mar 2007 10:48:55.0380 (UTC) FILETIME=[2DBF4140:01C77382]
To: undisclosed-recipients: ;
Status: O

FROM THE DESK OF Mr,KAREM AHMED.
BILL AND EXCHANGE MANAGER,
BANK OF AFRICA (B.O.A) OUAGADOUGOU,
BURKINA FASO WEST AFRICA.
PHONE CONTACT  00226.78.89.77.34


DEAR FRIEND,

I know you may be surprise to recieve this e-mail ; I got your contact 
address from the internet while I was searching for my friend that has 
similar name with you.
I am the manager of bill and exchange BANK OF AFRICA (B.O.A) at foreign 
remittance department.
There is a business I would want you to champion for me, in my department I 
discovered an abandoned sum of ($31.500.000 U.S) thirty one million five 
hundred thousands US dollars)

In an account that belongs to one of our foreign customer who died along 
with his entire family on 25TH JULY, 2000 CONCORDE PLANE CRASH [Flight 
AF4590] with the whole passenger’s aboard. The name of the deceased man was

(MR.ANDREAS SCHRANNER from Munich Germany)
N.B. In other for you to believe me honestly, visit the web site to enable 
you know whether we can work together, below is the website.

                    http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/859479.stm

You have to understand that I come crossed this huge amount of money when I 
was arranging the departmental customers file to submit to the bank 
management for the annual audit of the year.
Since we got information about his death, we have been expecting his next of 
kin to come over and claim his money because we cannot release it unless 
somebody applies for it as next of kin or relation to the deceased as 
indicated in our banking guidelines, but unfortunately we learnt that all 
his supposed next of kin's or relation died alongside with him at the plane 
crash leaving nobody behind for the claim.

It is therefore upon this discovery that I now decided to make this business 
proposal to you and release the money to you as the next of kin or relation 
to the deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody is 
coming for it and I don’t want this money to go into the Bank treasury as 
unclaimed Bill.

The Banking law and guideline here stipulates that if such money remained 
unclaimed after some years, the money will be transferred into the Bank 
treasury as unclaimed fund.
The request of foreigner as next of kin in this business is occasioned by 
the fact that the customer was a foreigner and a Burkina citizen cannot 
stand as next of kin to a foreigner.

In fact I could have done this deal alone but because of my position in this 
country as a civil servant (A Banker), we are not allowed to operate any  
foreign account and would eventually raise an eye brow on my side during the 
time of transfer because I work in the same bank. This is the actual reason 
why it will require a second party or fellow who will forward claims as the 
next of kin to the Bank and also present a foreign account where he will 
need the money to be re-transferred into on his request as it may be after 
due verification and clarification by the correspondent branch of the bank 
where the whole money will be remitted from to your own designation bank 
account.

I don’t want this money to go into the Bank treasury as unclaimed Bill, I 
agree that 30 % of this money will be for you as foreign partner, in respect 
to the provision of a foreign account, 10 % will be set aside for expenses 
incurred during the business and 60 % would be for me. There after I will 
visit your country for disbursement according to the percentages indicated. 
Therefore to enable immediate transfer of this fund to you as arranged, you 
must apply first to the bank as relations or next of kin of the deceased 
indicating your bank name, your bank account number, your private telephone 
and fax number for easy and effective communication and location where in 
the money will be remitted.

All modalities of this transaction have been carefully worked out and once 
started will not take more than fourteen (14) working days, with your full 
support.
This transaction is 100% risk free. it involve no any implication and no any 
precaution there after.
Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of 
the application. I will not fail to bring to your notice that this 
transaction is hitch free and that you should not entertain any atom of fear 
as all required arrangements have been made for the transfer.

You should contact me immediately as soon as you receive this letter
reply to thi box. at;

Trusting to hear from you immediately.
Yours faithfully,
Mr,KAREM AHMED
Bill and exchange manager,
BANK OF AFRICA