
From r  Sat Mar  3 20:37:12 2007
Return-Path: <jackkhumalo@webmail.co.za>
X-Sieve: CMU Sieve 2.3
Message-Id: <200703030352.l233px8r031317@sleepers.mail.UM>
Date: Sat, 03 Mar 2007 17:52:04 -0800
From: jackkhumalo@webmail.co.za
To: jackkhumalo@webmail.co.za
Subject: BUSINESS PROPOSAL  
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=US-ASCII
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7BIT
Status: O

FROM: MR. Jackson Khumalo
JOHANNESBURG-SOUTH AFRICA
Private email: jackkhumalo@sify.com   
 



ATTN: PRESIDENT/
CEO,


DIRECTOR, DELIVERY/OPERATIONS
RE: TRANSFER OF US$25 MILLION
FOR INVESTMENT.

I am Mr. Jackson khumalo, the Director of Delivery/Operations in a security company here in South Africa. Our firm is a security company of high repute with years of outstanding service to the people of Africa especially top government officials and military leaders in the world. I have resolved to contact you through this medium based on 
Business proposal that will be of mutual benefit to both of us. I have not discussed this transaction with anybody because it is of top secret. To be explicit and straight to the point, a reputable client of ours deposited a consignment in our company's 
Vault for safekeeping. And since then our client has failed to come forward to claim his consignment, which has accumulated a
considerable amount of money in demurrage.  Consequently, in our bide
to contact this client to redeem the demurrage which his 
Consignment had accumulated I discovered that our client was the former Late Prime

Minister of Lebanon, Mr. Rafik Hariri,

                     PROFILE
of the Late Minister of Lebanon: Rafik Bahaa Edine Hariri {November 1,
1944 – February 14, 2005} married to Nazek Audi  Hariri, was a Lebanese
self – made billionaire and business tycoon, and was former 
Prime Minister of Lebanon {1992 – 1998 and 2000 – 2004} before his late
resignation from office on October 20, 2004. The late Rafik Hariri died on February 14, 2005 when explosives equivalent to around 300 kg
of C4 were detonated as his motorcade drove past the Saint George
Hotel in the Lebanese capital, for more information please log on to

{http://www.hariri.info}.

After in the same year the consignment was entrusted into our care. Since the death of  our client Late Prime Minister of Lebanon,Mr. Rafik Hariri,none of his benefactors has  come forward to claim the consignment with us, which means that non of his relatives or 
Aids had any knowledge of this consignment. Hence out of
curiosity I decided to secretly open the box that our client deposited
in our vault. And to my surprise I discovered that the metal box that
were registered as treasures by our client actually  contained a
considerable amount of money in United States Dollars amounting to
about US$25Million US Dollar. Since this development I have been
nursing plans secretly. I also found out from enquiries and the
foreign media that our late client siphoned a lot of money from his
country while he was in office as Prime Minister, It is my conviction
that the consignment in our vault was part of the money that our
client siphoned and now that he is dead there is no trace to this
money in our care. After going through his (WILL) I 
Found that he stated that the treasure should be used to support (Islamic race).

Finally, I am now soliciting your noble assistance to assist
me in transferring this money out of South Africa to your country for
immediate investment. I have also decided that you will generously be
entitled to 40% of the total amount. Upon my receipt of your reply
confirming your willingness to assist me of this transaction, I 
Will immediately arrange and transfer all the rights of ownership of this consignment to your name to facilitate your easy clearance and
transfer of the complete funds to your country for onwards investment.
This transaction is 100% risk free. Please maintain absolute
confidentiality on this matter. Please reply on my private mail

(jackkhumalo@sify.com)

I await your most prompt
response.

Yours faithfully,
Mr. Jackson khumalo


