From r  Fri Mar 16 11:14:54 2007
Return-Path: <jopoonnn@yahoo.com>
X-Sieve: CMU Sieve 2.3
Message-ID: <27D91548.31EB646@yahoo.com>
Date: Fri, 16 Mar 2007 16:06:14 -0100
From: "LETTER FROM MR.JOSEPH POON" <jopoonnn@yahoo.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X; en-US) AppleWebKit/103u (KHTML, like Gecko) Safari/100
X-Accept-Language: en-us
MIME-Version: 1.0
To: "LETTER FROM MR.JOSEPH POON" <R@M>
Subject: LETTER FROM MR.JOSEPH POON
Content-Type: text/plain;
	charset="us-ascii"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Status: O

DEAR FRIEND,

I am Mr.Joseph Poon Executive Director Of Operations of the Hang Seng Bank
Ltd,Sai Wan Ho Branch,171 Shaukiwan Road Hong Kong.

An Iraqi named Hamadi Hashem a business man made a numbered fixed deposit
of (346,736,899.68 HKD) for 18 calendar months; this is valued to Forty Four
million Five Hundred Thousand United State Dollars only in my branch. Upon
maturity several notices was sent to him, even during the war,four years ago
(2003). Again after the war another notification was sent and still no
response came from him. We later found out that Hamadi Hashem and his family
had been killed during the war in bomb blast that hit their home at
Mukaradeeb where his personal oil well was.

After furtherinvestigation it was also discovered that Hamadi Hashem did
not declare any next of kin in his official papers including the paperwork
of his bank deposit. And he also confided in me the last time he was at my
office that no one except me knew of his deposit in my bank.So, Forty Four
million Five Hundred Thousand United State Dollars is still lying in my bank
and no one will ever come forward to claim it.What bothers me most is that
according to the laws of my country at the expiration five years six months
the funds will revert to the ownership of the Hong Kong Government if no
body applies to claim the funds.

My proposal, I am prepared to place you as the next of kin in a position to
instruct HANG SENG BANK to release the deposit to you as the closest
surviving relation. Upon receipt of the deposit, I am prepared to share the
money with you in half. That is: I will simply
nominate you as the next of kin and have them release the deposit to you.
We share the proceeds FIFTY - FIFTY. I would have gone ahead to ask the
funds be released to me, but that would have drawn a straight line in my
involvement in claiming the deposit. I assure you that I could have the
deposit released to you within a few days.I will simply inform the bank of
the final closing of the file relating to Hamadi Hashem I will then
officially communicate with my Bank and instruct them to release the deposit
to you. With these:all is done. I am aware of the consequences of this
proposal. I ask that if you find no interest in this project that you should
discard this mail. I ask that you do not be vindictive and destructive. If
my offer is of no appeal to you, delete this message and forget I ever
contacted you. Do not destroy my career because you do not approve of my
proposal.

Should you be interested please send me your full names,Phone Number and
current residential address and I will prefer you to reach me on the email
address below.E-mail: josephpoon_enquiries@yahoo.com.hk and finally after
that I shall provide you with more details of this operation.

Your earliest response to this letter will be appreciated.

I await your response.
Mr.JOSEPH POON.




