From: Mr John Koenig <JohnKoenig@JohnKoenig.com>
Reply-To: john_koenigconsulting@yahoo.es
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
Message-ID: <SLSP-CE8P2BGu3kRfwJ00001939@slsp-ce8p2.dca2.superb.net>
X-OriginalArrivalTime: 02 Feb 2007 05:33:09.0399 (UTC) FILETIME=[9F843A70:01C7468B]
X-ME-Bayesian: 0.000000
Status: O

Hello.
 
      My Name is John Koenig, A native of Britain, I
 
have been diagnosed with Oesophageal cancer. It has
 
defied all forms of medical treatment, and right now I
 
have only about a few months to live, according to
 
medical experts. I have not particularly lived my life
 
so well, as I never really cared for anyone (not even
 
myself) but my business. Though I am very rich, I was
 
never generous, I was always hostile to people and only
 
focused on my business as that was the only thing I
 
cared for. But now I regret all this, as I now know that
 
there is more to life than just wanting to have or make
 
all the money in the world. I believe when God gives me
 
a second chance to come to this world I would live my
 
life a different way from how I have lived it. Now that
 
God has called me, I have willed and given most of my
 
property and assets to my immediate and extended family
 
members as well as a few close friends. I want God to be
 
merciful to me and accept my soul so, I have decided to
 
give alms to charity organizations, as I want this to be
 
one of the last good deeds I do on earth. So far, I have
 
distributed money to some charity organizations in the
 
U.A.E, Somalia and Malaysia.
 
  Now that my health has deteriorated so badly, I cannot
 
do this myself anymore. I once asked members of my
 
family to close one of my accounts and distribute the
 
money, which I have there to charity organization in
 
Bulgaria and Pakistan; they refused and kept the money
 
to themselves. Hence, I do not trust them anymore, as
 
they seem not to be contended with what I have left for
 
them. The last of my money, which no one knows of, is
 
the huge cash deposit of eighteen million three hundred
 
thousand dollars ($18, 300, 000, 00) that I have with a
 
finance House abroad. I will want you to help the world
 
collect this deposit and dispatch it to charity
 
organizations.
 
N/B: Kindly note that 60% of this fund must go to the
 
tsunami and hurricane victims and 40% for your effort
 
and time. Please live right!!
 
Thanks.
 
Mr.John Koenig.











