From r  Thu Jan 18 03:33:31 2007
Return-Path: <ofu1@aol.com>
X-Sieve: CMU Sieve 2.3
Date: Thu, 18 Jan 2007 02:27:53 -0600
From: ofu1@aol.com
Reply-To: don2341_md@yahoo.com.hk
To: undisclosed-recipients: ;
Subject: LETTER
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain;
	charset=ISO-8859-1;
	DelSp="Yes";
	format="flowed"
Content-Disposition: inline
Content-Transfer-Encoding: quoted-printable
User-Agent: Internet Messaging Program (IMP) H3 (4.1.1)
X-AntiAbuse: This header was added to track abuse, please include it with any abuse report
X-AntiAbuse: Primary Hostname - host.yourwebcenter.com
X-AntiAbuse: Original Domain - si.UM
X-AntiAbuse: Originator/Caller UID/GID - [32001 502] / [47 12]
X-AntiAbuse: Sender Address Domain - aol.com
X-Source: 
X-Source-Args: 
X-Source-Dir: 
Status: RO

Dear Friend,


With great pleasure I Mr. Donald Ofu Obidima, Credit control Manager of
a Bank (name upheld)is writing you in respect of a foreign customer an
Oil consultant/contractor with the Nigerian National Petroleum
corporation,Engr.Lee Seunghyo made a numbered time (Fixed) Deposit for
twelve calendar months valued
at US$25,000,000.00 (Twenty-five Million Dollars) in my branch.

Upon maturity, I sent a routine notification to his forwarding address
but got no reply. After a month, we sent a reminder and finally we
discovered from his contract employers, the Nigerian National Petroleum
Corporation that Engr.Lee Seunghyo died in Korean Air Flight 801, which
crashed in Guam on August 1997 with other passengers onboard. I
therefore made further investigation and discovered that Engr. Lee
Seunghyo died without making a WILL, and all attempts to trace his next
of kin was fruitless.Also, he did not declare any next of kin
or relations in all his official documents,including his Bank Deposit
paperwork in my Bank.This sum of US$25,000,000.00 is still sitting in my
Bank and the interest is being rolled over with the principal sum at the
end of each year.

Since the demise of this our customer, I have personally watched the
account with keen interest to see the next of kin but all has proved
abortive as no one has come to claim his FIXED DEPOSIT fund of
USD.$25million, [Twenty five million United States Dollars] which has
been with my branch for a very long time. Since his
death, none of his next-of-kin or relations has come forward to lay
claims for this money asthe heir.

A member of our government trade delegation to your country gave your
impeccable profile to me. Hence I have decided to seek your co-operation
in this business deal due to the sensitivity of this transaction. It may
interest you to know that I am only contacting you as a foreigner
because this money cannot be approved to a local Bank account here, but
can only be approved to a foreigner with an account since the money is
in US Dollars. I have decided as a matter of urgency upon this discovery
now seek your permission to have you stand as next of kin to the
deceased Engr. Lee Seunghyo as No one has ever come forward to claim
this fund.

In accordance to Nigerian Law, fund deposited for a long period of time
without claim will be reverted to the Nigerian Government treasury if
nobody applies to claim this fund after a long period of time. I want
you to co-operate with me so that the fruits of this man's labour will
not get into the hands of some unsrupulous corrupt government officials
if NOT CLAIMED now. I have secured from the probate an Order of Madamus
to locate any of deceased beneficiaries. Hence I am contacting you with
this proposal.

This is simple, I will like you to provide immediately the following
below:

1.full names and address
2.Date of Birth
3.Tel & Fax Numbers

So that the Attorney will prepare the necessary documents and affidavits
which will put you in place as the next of kin. We shall employ the
services of two Attorneys for drafting and notorization of the WILL and
to obtain the necessary documents and letter of probate/administration
in your favour for the transfer.

The Bank cannot release the fund from his account unlesssomeone applies
for claim as the next-of-kin to the deceased as indicated in our banking
guidelines. I have almost resolved to finalize this transaction with
some money to secure documents in your name as the bonafide beneficiary
of this fund $25m which guarantees our safety and successful transfer.
With the above suggestion, It is reliable,safe and quick for transfer
process.

At the successful conclusion of this business, your goodself shall be
entitled to have 40% that is, USD$10m of the total money while I will
have 55% that is USD$13.750m and 5% that is USD$1.250m for
communications and other expenses. I am ready to invest a reasonable
percentage of mine into any viable business you suggest as a joint
partner.

Your response is highly imperative as this is a TWO-man business deal
transaction as I shall then provide you with more details and relevant
documents that will help you understand the transaction. I need your
assistance and co-operation to this reality as I have done my Home-work
and fine tune the best way to create you as all the paperwork for this
transaction will be done by the Attorney and my position as the Branch
Manager guarantees the successful execution of this transaction with you
as the beneficiary to this fund. Your percentage will also be a source
of upliftment.You have absolutely nothing to LOSE in assisting me
instead, you have so much to GAIN. Be rest assured that this transaction
would be most profitable for both of us.

I will appreciate your early reply for commencement of business.Contact
me for acknowledgement by E-mail and whereby you are not interested,
please indicate in your reply so that I can seek for the assistance of
someone else.

Thanks for your expected co-operation and treat ASAP as your utmost
Trust,Honesty and Confidentiality will be highly appreciated in this
business deal transaction.

Thanks with great regards.

Mr. Donald Ofu Obidima


