From r  Mon Jan 15 01:59:05 2007
Return-Path: <alyusuf00@yahoo.co.uk>
X-Sieve: CMU Sieve 2.3
        Mon, 15 Jan 2007 01:56:13 -0500 (EST)
Message-ID: <2032.82.128.2.187.1168844173.squirrel@www.berkshireconnected.com>
Date: Mon, 15 Jan 2007 01:56:13 -0500 (EST)
Subject: From: Mr.Al-Zarqawi Yusuf 
From: "Al-Zarqawi Yusuf" <alyusuf00@yahoo.co.uk>
Reply-To: yusufalzarqawi@yahoo.com.sg
User-Agent: SquirrelMail/1.4.9a
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain;charset=iso-8859-1
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
X-Priority: 3 (Normal)
Importance: Normal
X-AntiAbuse: This header was added to track abuse, please include it with any abuse report
X-AntiAbuse: Primary Hostname - server4.splice1.com
X-AntiAbuse: Original Domain - UM
X-AntiAbuse: Originator/Caller UID/GID - [32210 32212] / [47 12]
X-AntiAbuse: Sender Address Domain - yahoo.co.uk
X-Source: 
X-Source-Args: 
X-Source-Dir: 
Status: RO

From: Mr.Al-Zarqawi Yusuf

Dear Friend,

Your first reaction to this mail will be total rejection, scare and maybe
disbelief, owning largely to the atrocities people commit these days.But
this mail comes from a devastated, sorrowful and emotional laden soul that
needs compassion from a kind and good spirited person to wipe away my
tears and appropriate my dream and humanitarian gesture.

As you read this, I don't want you to  feel sorry for me, because, I
believe everyone dies someday.,I am Al-Zarqawi Yusuf, A Oil merchant in
Dubai, United Arab Emirate ( UAE). I have been diagnosed with Cancer,
which was discovered very late, due to my laxity in caring for my health.
It has defiled all forms of medicine; Right now I have only about a
limited to live, according to my Medical Doctor. I have not particularly
lived my life so well, as I never really cared for myself but the Oil
business.Though I am very rich, I was never generous, I only focused on my
business as that was the only thing I cared for. But now I regret all this
as I now know that there is more to life than just wanting to have or make
all the money in the world.

I believe when Allah  gives me a second chance and  heal me I would live
my life a different way from how I have lived it.I have sowed a seed for
my healing I have willed and given most of my properties and assets to my
immediate and extended family members and as well as a few close friends.
i want Allah to be merciful to me and accept my soul and so, I have
decided to give arms to charity organizations and give succor and comfort
to the less privileged of the Tsunami and Hurricane Katrina Victims, as I
want this to be one of the last good deeds I do on earth so far, by
distributed some of this money to some charity organizations in
India,Hurricane Katrina victims in USA and other part of the world. Now
that my health has deteriorated so badly, I cannot do this my self
anymore.I once asked members of my family  to close one of my accounts in
Saudi Bank and distribute the money which I have there to charity
organization and to the less  privileged in Bulgaria and Sudan.  They
cashed the money but kept it only to themselves.

Hence I do not trust them anymore,as they seem not to be contended with
what I have left for them already.The last of my money, which no one knows
of, is the huge cash deposit of Thirty Five Million United States Dollars
( US$35Million)  that I have in the Vault of The Security Company as
family valuable since the year 2003 for safekeeping.I want you to collect
this deposit on my behalf and disburse it to the Tsunami Earthquake
victims in Asia for the less privileged. Please send me a mail to indicate
your wiliness to assist in this disbursement.

 I will set aside 10% for you for your time and efforts by notifying the
security company as soon as i hear from you.I need your urgent reply with
your full name and address, your Phone and Fax numbers and your
Occupation so that I will not have to go on sourcing for a credible
person to handle this project for himself and the rest of the less
privileged.I will also plead to you to always pray for me because only
Allah heals.


Wasaalam

Regards,
Al-Zarqawi Yusuf.
