From r  Mon Jan  1 16:43:22 2007
Return-Path: <drjohnalias3@virgilio.it>
X-Sieve: CMU Sieve 2.3
Date: Mon, 1 Jan 2007 22:40:03 +0100 (GMT+01:00)
From: JONES MARTIN <drjohnalias3@virgilio.it>
Reply-To: jonesmartins@walla.com
Subject: URGENT MESSAGE....
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain;charset="UTF-8"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Originating-IP: 82.128.3.105
Status: RO

RE: COLLECTION OF FUND (US$25,000,000.00) UNDER SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT.
 
Pardon me if I have offended you by contacting you for such a big 
transaction through an ordinary letter which makes it suspicious 
considering the type of fraud proposals moving around the world today. 
 
However, I was advised to explain this transaction to you on a face 
to face meeting. I could not do this because of the situation in the 
world today not being sure of your reaction.
 
I am Jones Martin, a 
Consultant and Broker from Kingston Jamaica. I was hired by a Japanese 
Businessman to broker an investment deal between him and an oil company 
in Venezuela. This deal was executed in January, 2003 and matured for 
termination in January 2005. On maturity, the Japanese Businessman and 
the oil firm decided to terminate the investment in cash to avoid 
payment of investment tax which amounted to several tens of millions of 
US Dollars to the American Internal Revenue Service (IRS). 
 
A special 
arrangement was made between a top Japanese banker working with 
Japanese bank in New York, the Oil Company and the businessman to 
terminate the investment in cash payment under a fictitious name, with 
an arrangement to change it later with a power of attorney which they 
prepared and handed over to The banker.
 
I was directly involved, well 
paid and mandated to organized and carry out the deal. All the cash was 
withdrawn in June 2005 and transported to EUROPE by direct bank vault 
delivery to a finance company for safekeeping pending the collection.
 
The real content of the boxes was not declared to the storage as it was 
delivered as personal family treasure worth US$25M.The certificates for 
the storage, secret codes for the opening of the boxes and its keys 
were all handed over to me.
 
Mr. Takashi the Florida businessman was 
planning to go to Europe by August 2005 with me for the collection when 
the unexpected happened in Hurricane Katrina Mishap, a natural disaster 
which claimed his life and that of the top banker. This left me 
devastated and confused as I have not yet handed over the deposit 
details to the owner and the power of attorney prepared for the change 
which was signed was still with the banker in his office which was 
lost.

Since last December the diplomatic storage manager has been 
calling me to bring or tell the owner to come over for collection. 
Since then, I have been finding any reliable person to collect these 
consignments under special and well negotiated arrangement until I came 
across your details. Be rest assured that this transaction has been 
well organized, 100% safe, legal, and should be kept very 
confidential. 

Signify your interest by getting back to me via my 
email as soon as possible.
 
Regard,

Jones Martin





