From r  Tue Dec 26 12:46:31 2006
Return-Path: <peace_mathew10@yahoo.com>
X-Sieve: CMU Sieve 2.3
Message-Id: <200612261746.kBQHkP8O020345@score.mail.UM>
From: "miss peace" <peace_mathew10@yahoo.com>
Reply-To: peace_mathew10@yahoo.com
To: R@M
Date: Sun, 9 Mar 2003 21:32:24 +0000
Subject: PLEASE STAND ON MY BEHALF,
X-Mailer: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="us-ascii"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: quoted-printable
Status: O

Dear Friend=2C
Kindly accept my apology for sending my mail to you=2E I want you to 
trust me and help me out in this my condition=2E I believe you are a highly 
respected personality=2C considering the fact that I sourced your profile 
from a human resource profile database on your country in the Internet=2E
Though=2C I do not know to what extent you are familiar with events and 
fragile political situation in Liberia but it has formed consistent 
headlines in the CNN=2C BBCnews bulletins=2E
My Name is Miss Peace Mathew 24 years old and my mother is rebecca tomson
from Liberia=2C a Country in West Africa=2C now seeking for refugee in 
Dakar-Senegal under the=28UNHCR=29=2E The only surviving daughter and my mother a 
widow who is presently in Hospital in Dakar-Senegal=2E My late Father is 
Mathew dennis tomson=2C Deputy Minister of Public Works in 
Liberia=2E My 
Father was falsely accused of plotting to remove the then PRESIDENT OF 
LIBERIA CHARLES TAYLOR=29 from office=2E Without trial=2C Charles Taylor killed 
him=2E I am looking looking for someone who can take me as child I 
promise to be obedient to you and I will bring happiness to your life=2E
I got your contact from the Internet Search=2E I want you to assist me in 
this transaction=2E The deposit documents indicate me as the next of kin=2E 
Presently=2C I am saddled with the problem of securing a trust worthy 
foriegn personality to help me=2E
You can verify this from some of the international newspapers posted in 
the
web sites below=3A
=28I=29 =3C=3Chttp=3A=2F=2Fwww=2Eusatoday=2Ecom=2Fnews=2Fworld=2F2003-07-15-liberia=5Fx=2Ehtm=3E=3E
=28ii=29 =3C
color=2Ehttp=3A=2F=2Fwww=2Eunwire=2Eorg=2FUNWire=2F20030716=2F449=5F66=3E 21=2Easp
Before my Father was killed=2C he moved out the sum of $5=2E2 million and 
deposited it with a Finance Company=2E
All that is needed is for me to instruct the Finance company to 
transfer the fund to your account=2C We will renumerate you with 20% at the end=2C 
but most of all is that I solicit your trust in this transaction=2E
Kindly include your Full Name=2C Private Telephone and Fax Numbers where 
you can always be reached=2C your Residential or Company Address to 
enable him send detail information=2Fdocuments that will enable you receive 
the fund without any problem either now or in future as all modalities as 
been perfected=2E
As soon as I get your full acceptance I will forward you the contact 
informations of the Finance company=2E My email address is 
peace=5Fmathew10=2Ecom
I will send my picture when I hear from you=2E Please your urgent 
response is needed=2E
Best Regards=2EFrom r  Mon Dec 25 18:22:28 2006
Return-Path: <acl-webmaster-errors@UM>
X-Sieve: CMU Sieve 2.3
Received-SPF: none (mxus0: 208.101.62.108 is neither permitted nor denied by domain of bank-of-china.com) client-ip=208.101.62.108; envelope-from=fs@bank-of-china.com; helo=keitaro.dlls.tx.thebyteshack.com;
        (SquirrelMail authenticated user 1w@ukbestemail.net)
        by 208.101.62.108 with HTTP;
        Mon, 25 Dec 2006 16:28:38 -0600 (CST)
Message-ID: <1743.81.199.173.44.1167085718.squirrel@208.101.62.108>
Date: Mon, 25 Dec 2006 16:28:38 -0600 (CST)
Subject: GREETINGS FROM CHINA.
From: "SHANG FULIN" <fs@bank-of-china.com>
Reply-To: fs1953@yahoo.com.cn
User-Agent: SquirrelMail/1.4.8
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain;charset=iso-8859-1
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
X-Priority: 3 (Normal)
Importance: Normal
X-AntiAbuse: This header was added to track abuse, please include it with any abuse report
X-AntiAbuse: Primary Hostname - keitaro.dlls.tx.thebyteshack.com
X-AntiAbuse: Original Domain - aclweb.org
X-AntiAbuse: Originator/Caller UID/GID - [32124 32126] / [47 12]
X-AntiAbuse: Sender Address Domain - bank-of-china.com
X-Source: 
X-Source-Args: 
X-Source-Dir: 
Status: RO


Dear friend,

I am a staff of Private Banking Services at the Bank of China (BOC). I am
contacting you concerning our customer and, an investment placed under our
banks management 3 years ago.

I would respectfully request that you keep the contents of this mail
confidential and respect the integrity of the information you come by as a
result of this mail. I contacted you independently of our investigation
and no one is informed of this communication. I would like to intimate you
with certain facts that I believe would be of interest to
you.

In 2002, the subject matter; ref: bb/boc/bank/0012 came to our bank to
engage in business discussions with our Private Banking Services
Department. He informed us that he had a financial portfolio of 8.35
million United States Dollars, which he wished to have us turn over
(invest) on his behalf.

I was the officer assigned to his case; I made numerous suggestions in
line with my duties as the de-facto chief operations officer of the
Private Banking Services Department, especially given the volume of funds
he wished to put into our bank. We met on numerous occasions prior to any
investments being placed. I encouraged him to consider various growth
funds with prime ratings. The favored route in my advice to customers is
to start by assessing data on 6000 traditional stocks and bond managers
and 2000 managers of alternative investments. Based on my advice, we spun
the money around various opportunities and made attractive margins for our
first months of operation, the accrued profit and interest stood at this
point at over 10 million United States Dollars,
this margin was not the full potential of the fund but he desired low risk
guaranteed returns on investments.

 In mid 2004, he asked that the money be liquidated because he needed to
make an urgent investment requiring cash payments in Europe. He directed
that I liquidate the funds and had it deposited with a firm. I informed
him that the bank would have to make special arrangements to have this
done and in order not to circumvent due process, the bank would have to
make a 9.5 % deduction from the funds to cater for banking and statutory
charges. He complained about the charges but later came around when I
explained to him the complexities of the task he was asking of us. Cash
movement across borders has become especially strict since the incident
of 9/11. I contacted my affiliate in and had the funds available.

 I undertook all the processes and made sure I followed his precise
instructions to the letter and had the funds deposited in a security
consultancy firm, the firm is a specialist private firm that accepts
deposits from high net worth individuals and blue chip corporations that
handle valuable products or undertake transactions that need immediate
access to cash. This small and highly private organization is familiar
especially to the highly placed and well-connected organizations. In line
with instructions, the money was deposited. He told me he wanted the
money there in anticipation of his arrival from Norway later that week.
This was the last communication we had, this transpired around 9th
October 2004.

In January this year, we got a call from the security firm informing us
that the inactivity of that particular portfolio. This was an astounding
position as far as I was concerned, given the fact that I managed the
private banking sector I was the only one who knew about the deposit , and
I could not understand why he had not come forward to claim his
deposit. I made futile efforts to locate him I immediately passed the task
of locating him to the internal investigations department of the bank of
china. Four days later, information started to trickle in, apparently he
was dead. A person who suited his description was declared dead of a heart
attack in Canne, South of France. We were soon enough able to identify the
body and cause of death was confirmed.

The bank immediately launched an investigation into possible surviving
next of kin to alert about the situation and also to come forward to claim
his estate. If you are familiar with private banking affairs, those who
patronize our services usually prefer anonymity, but also some levels of
detachment from conventional processes. In his bio-data form, he listed no
next of kin. In the field of private banking, opening an account with us
means no one will know of its existence, accounts are rarely held under a
name; depositors use numbers and codes to make the accounts anonymous.
This bank also gives the choice to depositors of having their mail sent to
them or held at the bank itself, ensuring that there are no traces of the
account and as I said, rarely do they nominate next of kin. Private
banking clients apart from not nominating next of kin also usually in most
cases leave wills in our care, in this case; he died intestate.

In line with our internal processes for account holders who have passed
away, we instituted our own investigations in good faith to determine who
should have right to claim the estate. This investigation has for the past
months been unfruitful. We have scanned every continent and used our
private investigation affiliate companies to get to the root of the
problem. The investigation did not ever yield any result My official
capacity dictates that I am the only party to supervise the investigation
and the only party to receive the results of the investigation.

 This leaves me as the only person with the full picture of what the
prevailing situation is in relation to the deposit and the late
beneficiary of the deposit. According to practice, the firm will by the
end of this financial year broadcast a request for statements of claim to
BOC, failing to receive viable claims they will most probably revert the
deposit back to BOC. This will result in the money entering the BOC
accounting system and the portfolio will be out of my hands and out of
the Private Banking Services Department. This will not happen if I have
my way.

What I wish to relate to you will smack of unethical practice but I want
you to understand something. It is only an outsider to the banking world
who finds the internal politics of the banking world aberrational. The
world of private banking especially is fraught with huge rewards for those
who occupy certain offices and oversee certain portfolios. You should have
begun by now to put together the general direction of what I propose.
There is US$ 8,370,000.00 deposited, I alone have the deposit details and
they will release the deposit to no one unless I instruct them to do so. I
alone know of the existence of this deposit for as far as BOC is
concerned, the transaction with our deceased customer concluded when I
sent the funds to the firm, all outstanding interactions in relation to
the file are just customer services and due process.

They are simply awaiting instructions to release the deposit to any party
that comes forward. This is the situation. This bank has spent great
amounts of money trying to track this man's family; they have investigated
for months and have found no family. The investigation has come to an end.

My proposal;  I am prepared to place you in a position to give instruction
for the release of the  deposit to you as the closest surviving relation.
Upon receipt of the deposit, I am prepared to share the money with you in
half. That is: I will simply nominate you as the
next of kin and have them release the deposit to you. We share the
proceeds 50/50.

I would have gone ahead to ask the funds be released to me, but that would
have drawn a straight line to me and my involvement in claiming the
deposit. I assure you that I could have the deposit released to you within
a few days. I will simply inform the bank of
the final closing of the file relating to the customer I will then
officially communicate with the  firm  and instruct them to release the
deposit to you. With these two things: all is done. The alternative would
be for us to have the firm direct the funds to another
bank with you as account holder. This way there will be no need for you to
think of receiving the money from the firm.  We can fine-tune this based
on our interactions.

I am aware of the consequences of this proposal. I ask that if you find no
interest in this project that you should discard this mail. I ask that you
do not be vindictive and destructive. If my offer is of no appeal to you,
delete this message and forget I ever contacted you. Do not destroy my
career because you do not approve of my proposal. You may not know this
but people like myself who have made tidy sums out of
comparable situations run the whole private banking sector. I am not a
criminal and what I do, I do not find against good conscience, this may be
hard for you to understand, but the dynamics of my industry dictates that
I make this move.

 Such opportunities only come ones' way once in a lifetime. I cannot let
this chance pass me by, for once I find myself in total control of my
destiny. These chances won't pass me by. I ask that you do not destroy my
chance, if you will not work with me let me know and let me move on with
my life but do not destroy me. I am a family man and this is an
opportunity to provide them with new opportunities. There is a reward for
this project and it is a task well worth undertaking. I have evaluated
the risks and the only risk I have here is from you refusing to work with
me and alerting my bank. I am the only one who knows of this situation,
good fortune has blessed you with a name that has planted you into the
center of relevance in my life. Let's share the blessing.

If you find yourself able to work with me, contact me through this same
email account. If you give me positive signals, I will initiate this
process towards a conclusion. I wish to inform you that should you contact
me via official channels; I will deny knowing you and about this project.
I repeat, I do not want you contacting me through my official phone lines
nor do I want you contacting me through my official email account. Contact
me only through this email address. I do not want any direct link between
you and me. My official lines are not secure lines as they are
periodically monitored to assess our level of customer care in line with
our Total Quality Management Policy.

Please observe this instruction religiously. Please, again, note I am a
family man; I have a wife and children. I send you this mail not without a
measure of fear as to what the consequences, but I know within me that
nothing ventured is nothing gained and that success and riches never come
easy or on a platter of gold. This is the one truth I have learned from my
private banking clients. Do not betray my confidence. If we can be of one
accord, send me your response on this email fsh1953@yahoo.com.cn to enable
us commences
this line of discussion.

Best regards,

Shang Fulin





MISS=2EPeace




