From r  Sun Dec 24 02:30:21 2006
Return-Path: <anonymous@exo.phpwebhosting.com>
X-Sieve: CMU Sieve 2.3
To: 
Subject: Season's Greetings!
From: "Mrs. Alondra Jose-Carlos" <alondracarlos@yahoo.it>
X-Priority: 1
Status: O

X-Mailer: popper

Season's Greetings!



Forgive my indignation if this message comes to you as a 

surprise and may offend your personality for contacting you without 

your prior consent and writing through this channel.I got your contact 

from a professional database found in internet while searching for a 

reliable and honest person that will be an anointed steward in a vision 

very dear to me.



I am Mrs. Alondra Jose-Carlos person from Puerto Rico 

undergoing medical treatment. I am married to Dr.  Kevin Jose-Carlos 

who was a gun runner supplying arms and ammunition to warring factions 

in Africa before he died in the year 2002.We were married for eleven 

years without a child. He died after a brief illness that lasted for 

only four days. Since his after death, I decided not to re-marry or get 

a child outside my matrimonial home. When my late

husband was alive he  deposited the sum of  £ 11.8.Million (Eleven Million,

Eight Hundred Thousand British Pounds Sterling) with a Fiduciary company. 

Presently ,this money is still with the Fiduciary Company. Recently, 

my doctor told me that I would not last for the next

three months due to cancer problem.  Though what disturbs me most is my partial

paralysis. Having known my condition I decided to donate this fund to an

organisation or individual that will utilize this money the way I am going

to instruct here in. I want an organisation or individual that will use this to

fund, women and youth groups, victims of war, environmental protection,

charities, orphanages and widows . It is said that blessed is the hand 

that giveth.



I took this decision because I don't have any child that 

will inherit this money and as a part of restitution for the atrocities 

of my husband which I tacitly supported. I don't want a situation where 

this money will be used in an ungodly manner , hence the reason for 

taking this bold decision.



I am not afraid of death, hence I know where I am going .I know that I am

going to be in the bosom. If you consider yourself adequately equipped morally and

spiritually for this mission, please ,respond by letting me know your

decision to alondracarlos@sify.com



Yours sincerely,



Mrs. Alondra Jose-Carlos









