From r  Fri Dec  1 02:30:10 2006
Return-Path: <peace_activist46@yahoo.com>
X-Sieve: CMU Sieve 2.3
	(envelope-from peace_activist46@yahoo.com)
	(envelope-from peace_activist46@yahoo.com)
Reply-To: <peace_activist46@yahoo.com>
From: "S.A.Rehman" <peace_activist46@yahoo.com>
To: "org" <org@acl2007.org>
Subject: Peace Message From Pakistan      Dt: 1.12.2006
Date: Fri, 1 Dec 2006 12:35:16 +0500
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain;
	charset="Windows-1251"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Mailer: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1081
Disposition-Notification-To: peace_activist46@yahoo.com
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1081
Status: RO

MY MESSAGE FOR PEACE AND HARMONY

Dear brothers & sisters,

We all need to pray for one another, and to love one
another. We should always pray for the safety, peace,
love and brotherhood for people all over the world.
Too bad we can't have an independence day for the
entire world. A day of freedom from ignorance, hatred,
war, illusions, power and control. A day where we can
all love each other as human beings and toss away the
weapons of war, and cast out our fears and hatreds
from our hearts into the graves. We must mourn the
graves of the innocents all over the world, and give
the children of the world the hope of a peaceful,
loving and beautiful world. 

A world full of love and without hatred or fear. A
world where we can join hands together and accept one
another, regardless of our skin color, ethnic
divisions, religion or nationality. If we don't unite
as a human race, then we have condemned the future
generation of children a dark and very grim future. 

Think of love, compassion and peace always...


MY PRAYER  FOR  PEACE AND HARMONY

Merciful God, You made all of the people of the world
in Your own image and placed before us the pathway of
salvation through different Preachers who claimed to
have been Your Saints and Prophets. But, the
contradictions (made by us) in the interpretation of
Your teachings have resulted in creating divisions,
faith based hatreds and bloodshed in the world
community. Millions of innocent men, women and
children have so far been brutally killed by the
militants of several religions who have been
committing horrifying crimes against humanity and
millions more would not be butchered by them in the
future, if You guide and help us find ways to reunite
peacefully.

IN THE NAME OF GOD, THE COMPASSIONATE, THE MERCIFUL,
look with compassion on the whole human family; take
away the controversial teachings of arrogance,
divisions and hatreds which have badly infected our
hearts; break down the walls that separate us; reunite
us in bonds of love; and work through our struggle and
confusion to accomplish Your purposes on earth; that,
in Your good time, all nations and races could jointly
serve You in justice, peace and harmony.  (Amen)

Regards,
S.A.Rehman
Peace Activist
PAKISTAN
 
DPMWEZIPYDKMNBHUSZGJFSMYQKMKJEGMWVBJHO
