From r  Thu Nov 30 07:47:28 2006
Return-Path: <jones_usman1977@123mail.cl>
X-Sieve: CMU Sieve 2.3
From: "jones usman" <jones_usman1977@123mail.cl>
To: undisclosed-recipients: ;
Reply-To: jones_usman1977@rixmail.se
Subject: THIS IS THE TRUE STORY OF THIS MATTER
Date: Thu, 30 Nov 2006 09:42:41 -0300
Message-Id: <20061130124156.M86061@cmportal.com.ar>
X-Mailer: Webmail 2.01 20030425
X-OriginatingIP: 80.89.177.23 (jonesusman1977@cmportal.com.ar)
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1
Status: RO

Financial Adviser.
121 Old ojo road,
Pmb 224 Ikoyi,
Lagos-Nigeria.


Dear friend,

THIS IS THE TRUE STORY OF THIS MATTER

Please my name is Jones Usman a financial adviser to David a national of your 
country.He was an oil merchant here in Nigeria. On the 21st 1997, my client, 
his wife and their three children were involved in a car accident along 
Ibadan Express road lagos. All occupants of the vehicle unfortunately lost 
their lives along with the driver.

Since then I have made several enquiries in his Embassy to locate any of my 
client's extended relatives.After these several unsuccessful attempts,as a 
matter of fact,I decided to trace his relatives over the internet in order to 
locate any member of his family for a huge sum of fund deposited on his name 
in an offshore financial company overseas but that was to no avail, hence I 
decided within myself to contact you as his supposed relative since you are 
also a foreigner to avoid the offshore company from confiscating the deposit 
for theirs .

Please, I want you to assist me in repatriating the money left behind by my 
client before they get confiscated or declared unserviceable by the UBN 
Finance company offshore payment centre where these huge deposits were lodged.

He had an deposit valued at about US$12M(Twelve Million US Dollars)and now 
the finance company has issued me an urgent notice to provide the next-of-kin 
or have the account freezed within the next ten official working days.

This was the last fund moved by my late claim to the offshore payment company 
of UBN for sefety by the oil merchant shortly before the autocrash that took 
his life and all in the car.This was as a result of the conflict emulated 
from the annulled june 12 presidential election by the military dictatorship 
Gen.Ibrahim Babangida which resulted to the death of many people in Nigeria 
even chief Moshood K.O Abiola that won the presidential race.

GO THROUGH; 
topics.nytimes.com/top/reference/timestopics/people/a/moshood_k_o_abiola/index
.html?s=oldest& - 42k )

Since, I have succeeded in locating you today as his relative,I hereby seek 
your consent to present you as well as use your name and particulars apply as 
the next of kin to the deceased,so that the proceeds of this account deposit 
valued at US$12M can be paid to you and then you and I can share the money at 
last or invest with it for a profitable venture in your country, 50% to me 
and 50% to you.To present you as the next of kin will pose no difficulty as 
there is no risk involved hence i am the one presenting you officially.

I have all the necessary legal documents that can be used to back up our 
claim.

1. The Death Certificate
2. Letter of Administration
3. Sworn Affidavit

All I require is your honest co-operation to enable us see this transaction 
through. I guarantee that this business proposal to you is 100% real and will 
be executed under a legitimate arrangement without any problem at all.

Please get in touch with me via my secured and confidential email address 
while you forward to me the following informations immediately you receive 
this message so that I will give you further details if you are interested 
and ready to work with me .

1.. YOUR NAME AND ADDRESS TO MAKE THE CLAIM...
2...YOUR PHONE NUMBER FOR URGENT CONTACT BY ME..
3...YOUR OCCUPATION AND YOUR AGE..

Remember to include your own private or mobile cell phone with which I can 
equally reach you.
Anticipating your prompt response.
Yours Sincerely,
Financial Adviser..
Jones Usman..
(jones_usman1977@rixmail.se)










