From r  Fri Nov 24 12:40:51 2006
Return-Path: <alex_dickson15@virgilio.it>
X-Sieve: CMU Sieve 2.3
Date: Fri, 24 Nov 2006 18:37:39 +0100 (GMT+01:00)
From: "Mr. Anuka Alex Ifufeh." <alex_dickson15@virgilio.it>
Reply-To: foryoualone11@hotmail.com
Subject: VERY IMPORTANT.
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain;charset="UTF-8"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Originating-IP: 196.207.129.70
Status: O

From: Mr.Anuka Ifufeh.
19floor Eugene Marais Avenue, 
Constantia, 
South 
Africa

Dear 

I sincerely ask for forgiveness for I know this 
may 
seem like a complete intrusion to your privacy but right about now 
this is my option of communication. This mail might come to you as a 
surprise and the temptation to ignore it as unserious could 
come into 
your mind; but please consider it a divine wish and accept it with a 
deep sense of humility. 

I am Mr.Anuka Ifufeh, the Auditor General of 
NED BANK PLC here South Africa, during the 
course of our auditing, I 
discovered a floating fund in an account opened in the bank 1995 and 
since 1998 nobody has operated on this account again.After going 
through some old files in the records I discovered that the owner of 
the account died without a [heir] hence 
the money is floating and if I 
do not remit this money out urgently it will be forfeited for nothing.

The owner of this account is Mr. Franklin Sullivan, a foreigner, a 
miner and an industrialist.He made millions of dollars before he died 
misteriously .Since 1998 no other person knows about this account or 
any thing concerning it. My investigation proved to me that the account 
has no other beneficiary and that Mr. Franklin Sullivan until his death 
was the manager Sullivan Coy.
(pty). SA. We will start the first 
transfer with Thirty six million dollars [$36,000,000.00] upon 
successful transaction without any disappoint from your side, we shall 
re-apply for the payment of the remaining amount to your account.

The 
amount involved is (USD $136M) Thirty Six Million United States Dollars 
only. I want to first transfer $36,000.000 [Thirty Six Million United 
States Dollar] from this money into a safe foreigners account abroad 
before the rest, but I don't know any foreigner.

I am revealing this 
to you with believing God that you will never let me down in this 
business. Also send your private telephone number and fax number 
including the full details of the account to be used for the deposit. I 
need your strong assurance that you will never let me down in this 
business proposition. With my influence and the position of a bank 
official whom is working in our favour we can transfer this money to 
any foreigner's reliable account which you can provide with assurance 
that this money will be intact pending our physical arrival 
in your 
country for sharing. 

The bank official will destroy all documents of 
transaction immediately we receive this money leaving no trace to any 
place and to build confidence you can come immediately to discuss with 
me face to face after which I will make this remittance in your 
presence and three of us will fly to your country@least two days ahead 
of the money going into the account. 

At the conclusion of this 
business, you will be given 35% of the total amount, 60% will be 
for 
me, while 5% will be for expenses both parties might have incurred 
during the process of transferring.

Best Regards,
Mr.Anuka Ifufeh.

NB: YOU SHOULD SEND ME YOUR TELEPHONE AND FAX NUMBER IN YOUR REPLY FOR 
EASY 
COMMUNICATION.


