From r  Fri Nov 17 21:59:48 2006
Return-Path: <p.document@virgilio.it>
X-Sieve: CMU Sieve 2.3
	(envelope-from p.document@virgilio.it)
	(envelope-from p.document@virgilio.it)
Date: Sat, 18 Nov 2006 03:27:04 +0100 (GMT+01:00)
From: "aminatu12006@excite.com" <p.document@virgilio.it>
Reply-To: aminatu12006@excite.com
Subject: From;Mrs Aminatu Abubaka
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain;charset="UTF-8"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Originating-IP: 196.201.74.44
Status: O

From;Mrs Aminatu Abubaka
Dearest.
I am Mrs Aminatu Abubaka Arikama, 
from Sierra Leone republic, residing in  Cote d'Ivoire. I am married to 
Mr Abubaka Arikama, who deals in Cocoa and Gold business in Cote d 
Ivoire for twenty five years before he died in the year 2002. We were 
married for twenty years God give us a son, his name is Abubaka Arikama 
Jr who is 17 now, and because of my husband love to me he refused to 
marry another wife.
He died after a brief illness from food poison 
which lasted for only four days. Since his death I decided not to 
remarry or get another child outside my matrimonial home, my husband 
relatives was responsible for his death because they want to inherit 
the entire legacy, I was ill and my son is still a little boy.
Before 
the death of my husband he deposited a huge amount (US$11.8M) in a 
finance house here in Cote d Ivoire, Since my Doctor told me that I 
have a little time left (about Six months) due to cancer problem. 
Having known my condition and I can not survive this cancer illness, 
and I don't want to lose my only son, I decided to transfer this fund 
and my son out of this country.
I took this decision because I don't 
want to lose every thing my husband has worked for, and my husband 
relatives are not even good at all because they are responsible for the 
death of my husband in other to have all his properties and I don't 
want my husband's efforts to be used by those that conspired for his 
death and they will still kill my son if they have the opportunity.
The 
fund transfer will base on the option you prefer, (1) bank to bank 
transfer (2) through a diplomatic channel to your address, the finance 
house is ready to transfer the fund with any of the option we agreed 
on, as soon as I receive your reply of accepting to help me I will give 
you all the details including your percentage for assisting me in this 
legitimate transaction.
Thanks.
May God be with you.
Mrs. Aminatu 
Arikama



